 MC, happy mother`s day to your mom ;).. love yah
Great for organising my work life balance
 remember the guy who 1st #tweetbud you! ~> _2890  help him get 900 flwrs & make him smile!
 but but it was funny when I wrote it
I loved this app. Worked so great I purchased it. Now it has logged me out and says I don't exist.
Lots of tasks to complete today. First, wecloming new members to Canadamigos Social Networking site, www.canadamigos.com, and coffee
 Oh I believe you...   sooo  thinks she belongs elsewhere, I say I dont think so...
okay okay sleep for realz now! Goodnight!  ::waves to followers::
Forest is cute, unobtrusive, and has genuinely helped me in the transition from checking my phone to doing work. A neat option is the ability to allow certain apps (eg, Spotify to change music)
Looks clean and this app have those details which other apps doesnt have. This can complete functions which I needed. Great App.
Fast & Furious = EXCELLENT movie.  And Andy is a great guy   Most of the time....  lol
Happy mother`s day and to the god mother`s and step mother`s too....
on my way homee  i love long car rides<3
It works great
had a fun day at the theatre... glad to be back in town for a while
watching Cavs game. LeBron James, my newest love!  36 pts for Cavs, 17 by LeBron!
 fantastic day in the AZ sun
_98 ****, that`s my favorite part...lol...ok, i`ll just keep in stock alot then
_alfradique No fun   Well hopefully you don`t have much more to go...
 Hey Sam, happy mothers day
 me too! i wish it would just say who has unfollowed
beautiful day... and im working  leaving now so i can get some sun though
moving 11 blocks up the street. goodbye hardwood floors
_ri_ja good morning, It`s nice to see you!
Not very expressive frame for activity descriptions, must be in the first stages of development. Guilds look incredible diverse, very surprising it is a social app. Seems the leveling function is standard gaming and well embedded. Hope open sourcing it make it better fit. Passing habits to to-do would be desirable.
 Hi  Im Better... Drinking Hot Tea With honey ^^ ... Thanks... Take Care Plis
 HEY, BABEE. ) LOVE YOOOOUUU. >< RP time.
Best planner ever bought the pro edition...it's easy to use and has many convenient functions like tracking overdue tasks.
 wow!  Nice roar, I see good things in your future
 http://twitpic.com/3goxn - yes , everybody love you. i`m a german Fan. Follow me !
sweet dreams!
 The photos are AMAZING! What a GREAT subject & way to get people educated about Darfur! HUGS! U are an inspiring woman!
Thx, Robban  http://www.sk-gaming.com/match/17905
I'm not sure, but I keep getting these little hidden files in download folder but I believe they're from the calendar. I haven't checked since the update. But I do use this app every day especially for the widgets and the customization. You can get lost in it, but I'd rather have the option than not.
it`s a perfect day to throw back your head and kiss it all good bye - love it, so cheerful!!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jckp
I really like the app. it's pretty cool! How do I get the 24 HR clock on my Android wear? 5 stars if the 24hr face can is possible on the watch! 🙂
Would be great if all the features were free
using Linux and loving it - so much nicer than windows... Looking forward to using the wysiwyg latex editor!
 ps love the new profile pic!
just getting off of work for the day! Hope everyone has a wonderful mother`s day tomorrow! Hope you enjoy ur cheesecakes too!
Eating pancakes  What is better than a day off with Stevie-J?
Oh yeah, Radio1 is SO playing Earth, Wind and Fire
 FOLLOW ME BABY U SAID N DA CHAT U WILL  LUV YA GOODNITE
happy mothers day to all moms out there!!
Great app! Just having it on your home screen helps you stay focused because you want to use it every time you see it.
Happy!!! I just found out this amazing app. I love devs from Israel, not discriminating others tho. But I have a thing about calendar view. It shows different month other than the current month, same with the today's date, it shows other dates hmmm...maybe I clicked or touch something? Help!
why me? i am about to read another ecology book for two hours. its all good fun today
Nice App but not able to use widget (Nokia 2.1 , Android Pie)
Home Sweet home <3  Going to see Hannah Montana The Movie AGAIN today <3 DDD
Needed a replacement for Wunderlist. Looked at several disappointing options before finding TickTick. It has everything I liked about Wunderlist plus it has nice extras like formatting in task notes and it lacks some of Wunderlist's annoying behaviors. It also did the best job importing from Wunderlist. The best alternative to Wunderlist. Period.
The recent updates were very amazing. Keep it coming devs. This is close to perfection. However, I hope we can gain items attached to a particular task. Once the task is completed, the items will be given directly to your inventory. This can help us to create weekly task events or bosses. It will be very rewarding. Thank you! Update: One last thing, in terms of habit generation, can we have counting streak instead of count down... The higher the streak, the higher the rewards 🙃
 there coming this year ^-^  wiL said it himself  but yes now would be good.
This is fun !  haha re guy from all American rejects looks like he`s on crack!!
http://twitpic.com/4wf30 - EEEEEEEEEEE!!!!! IT CAME!!!!
Good Morning  i ate pizza for breakfast
now we are cuddling.  girl cuddles are so fun and soft
 i hope to, no promises  they all my kids and the dog at the moment, a couple of flowers too
 You`re welcome
can`t wait to november for Jobros concert ! In examination
 -  I wanna go see them in Edinburgh  won`t happen though haha , yir lucky! And have funnnn  ****
Wish I was in Chicago.
Please add a feature like task has to be divided based on categories inside "planned" and "importent" list
excited to see my cousins this week.
#thingsmummysaid You need to learn to wash dishes and do laundry because I won`t always be here to do them for you. She was right
I would love to do a one/life time purchase for this app. Too bad I hate subscription based so sorry, I'd rather spend my money for something unproductive than this app.
_luca LOL!  I`m glad to see I`m not the only one out there!!!
Had written a bad review because I spent a week trying to make the app show two widgets with different calendars. Couldn't do it (and wasted hours!) until I noticed a nearly invisible dot (at least on my screen, I'm using the iblue app) near the widgets. Pressed it and discovered the widget menu! They should really make it stick out or write clear instructions about it on the app. I imagine they try to make it subtle in order to not affect how the app looks, but it took a week to find it.
Star trek was SOOOOO AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Spock and Kirk were hillarious!!!  Im seeing it again. sooon.
Saying goodbye to a good trusted friend today. Goodbye free Sky TV, you were the best friend anyone could have had.
Waiting for the El & listening to a little MJB 'Just Fine'. Perfect song to start my week.
http://twitpic.com/4jeij - New forest hoping the walk would lose me some pounds
I gave 5* to this App in the past. But new updated routine list is so unsatisfactory. A lot of scrolling. Older style was better.
 night honey..see ya tomorrow
Such a good app to track my habit. Also become a reminder for my self when I wanna build a habit
great party alenka!!  happy birthday chicky! <3
 good luck with it..Do well!! My best wishes are with you!
oh, it`s  `s birthday! happy birthday andre michelle
Hey, awesome app. It wasn't long until I purchased the unlocked version. However, some things could be improved. For example, you can't change units after the habit is created. And it would be nice to hide the ".0" part after digits, since mostly it refers to "minutes" or "iterations" or "cups" and it looks kinda sloppy to see your goal described as "Learn at least 30.0 minutes" or "Drink at least 2.0 cups". If the number is whole, why not just hide that point zero - it'll look neater, I think.
I Like the clear & unclutter look, everything is organized..wished i could export it without having to pay extra.
I don`t believe it, my puppy likes brussels sprouts!
_Simmons everyone has their mistakes to make and lessons to learn. Don`t let the negativity get to you.
Bought the paid version to support the devs for making this awesome app!
Wonderful app... I am really able to concentrate more now. A must try app for someone who loses focus easily.
The widget sometimes shows my list as empty. And it always need to be removed and replace to show the content of the list properly.
 oh! i love that as well!! all of MCR songs are great!  and happy star wars day to yaa xD
 Love **** Magix it`s cool!!... great rhythm!!!
 Oh LOL! Yes, on Facebook! That`s a nice safe environment. Like a church basement!
today Jon Doe plays at the Moho. ia m excited  itï¿½s gonna be funny.. but before i have to carry all the equipment and do the backline
The ever amazing Psyop and Goodby Silverstein &amp; Partners for HP! http://bit.ly/g2rU8 Have to go play with After Effects now!
Good morning world!  haha had fun at the movies last night ;D and school now... Hmm new shoes make it better  http://tinyurl.com/dfggwj
Feeling some butterflies today   Study study study contracts; gonna ace this, then on to the write-on competition for the journals.
church bellss are ringin  got to go. adieu,(god bless in german)
And the Sun is shinning.........at last
 have fun tonight
Zapatos for trashcan nachos and then an epic night
Works a treat! Especially useful for planning what I need to do on a daily basis.
I`m Kinda sleepy.. I Was up too late texting a nice boy making date plans for next weekend..
Writing Mother`s Day cards for my mom and gran...  hurray!
i love how nice the weather is today and i am camping tonight! oh and i hate my hair
Nice, tho I would like to be able to name a routine and give me a notification of the name
 I know   Guess I was hoping they`d revitalize the plot lines as well instead of reverting to old cliches!
The simple customization of which calendars are showing with bars at the bottom of the screen is handy, and the widget with a customized compact agenda has been part of my home screens for years. The previous and current versions are 2 of the best app purchases I've made and certainly the most regularly used along with Nine. This shows my Nine (Exchange) calendars with no problems.
 Mmm, comfort junk food. That sounds good. I always preferred Wingstop
 woof, I wish I was allowed to go
 What you said about aj made no sense,hahaha. What were you talking about? And I loved that picture of you and colin!
So far so good! I've used other reminder apps. With ADD I have to have reminders of nothing would get done. This one let's me snooze the stuff I want to procrastinate on. Or if I need to be annoyed by the reminder, I can do that too. All around good app.
Have re-defined my routines and activities. Working well.
_Tarrant nice! It`s mommas day
Really impressed with the functionality, by far the best to do app out there. Functionality is great and the UI is even better - clean, intuitive and perfect to utilize. 10/10 for the lists, sublists and subtasks, even the editable homescreen widget is quality. Looking forward to the paired web app.
Great App But I still need a feature that the app should have a custom notification sound selection option so that I can know that notification has come from this app.
easy to use.
 Thank you! Your makeup art is top-notch, come to my house every morning! ha ha
 congrats ya ran
 pretty soon gonna have to unfollow myself from _words to cut the quickly growing 'habit' ... but I do love the challenge!
 Haha I know, I cant handle the fame!  and thank you!
_Blogs Congratulations lovely Japanese Children Happy Kodomo no hi
_conrad you take such good photos.
Yogurting. Home from lady Mona`s, on the fone w no song from Yoplait. Lookin forward to hrs w  tmorrow & rehearsals  Gnight all!
 nope  we only have one really good cuban place... i`ll have to ask them...
 thanks, feeling good and off to New Forest later
 tut tut. Isn`t charging just fun. Thr new palm pre charging platform looks nifty tho.
This application is very useful in helping keep me organized and paced. The only suggestion I'd make is on the interface. When checking off my tasks for the day the add new task button is in the way of pressing the cross off button. It's a bit annoying but I love this app.
  hope yer ok hunny
hopes whoever stole my purse and money gets what is coming to them
chillin with christina and diana
 omg! shannon Happy Birthday!!!! I`m celebrating for you!
Habitica is the best! It's so rewarding completing day-to-day tasks with this app. Your avatar can earn gold, equipment, pets, experience by completing the tasks you choose. Joining a questing party is fun because you're with others, holding each other accountable and encouraging one another. Participating in challenges is great because you work on specific aspects of your life, like positive thinking, exercising, reading, ect. Habitica has helped improve my life, and I feel so much happier!
So helpful!!!
 really good, but it`s definitely not a 12`s. So many people getting burned alive
...... is an awesome band
saw Hannah Montana Movie today!! was the best!!!!!! was AWESOMEEEEEE!!!!!!  Hannah  and Miley RockS! lol
 Have fun, hon! Ooh, look what a poet I am.
Could be better if it was completely free.
3/5 cool idea, but way too many adds - opposite of making someone "focus" Edit 4.5/5 (after purchasing pro v) Pretty good. I wish there was a way to adjust the time goal to be something else other than 25 min. Or instead of trees being different at 60 min, 1.5 hrs. Etc. Some trees shld be diff at 40 min, 50 min etc.
Excellent calendar I use it regularly.
Making a mix! 22 minutes so far, aiming for 30 minutes  loving it so far!!!  DJ Sugarfree
 yeah that sounds more sensible. thought you had a heston bleumenthal moment of genius somehow!
Something strange in the air lately. Been setting everyone on edge. Going to do a good smudging of the house. Good to do those anyway
Exactly what I have been looking for. Love it
i am on aim getting ready to go to bed. running a 5k tommorow for mothers day. wish me luck!
the sunset view is SO beautiful from my room!
pretty good, so i can set my life straight on my daily good habits and positive impacts of my self motivation
Beautiful
Good Morning Tweeters... Happy Monday!  Grab a big cup of coffee it`s a new week
My dentist appt today was actually quite enjoyable.
 Will we see you guys in the Philippines?  That would be the coolest thing ever! Always wanted to go to one of your concerts!
Yum! Whole box of cookies for me
 I`m thinking the 'Chevrolet Doom' would be fitting for GM
 thank you!
Good Morning Twits!  Let`s makes today x100 better than the one before! Start runnin
 im glad  i dont have to go out...
Just spent the last two hours playing L4D with babe  Had HELLA fun. I love him <3
Happy Mother`s Day to all the beautiful Moms out there.  (I`m kind of a Mom, i think my little pup counts!  )
 Thanks! I know.
 Haha, you didn`t do anything wrong.
Very versatile and customizable! Still new to it, but it looks very promising, if not polished yet.
Goodby Silverstein agency new site! http://www.goodbysilverstein.com/ Great!
 I have an interview on tuesday so things are turning around I think!! yay! so dont worry!  And Japsicans are a rare breed. ;)
just had the most emo moment too many tears love my family and sorors
 Hahhaa okaay ily! Lmfao
It's amazing
I cant WAIT to be home and snuggle with my puppies! and my Fiance
It's a good app for task reminder but it still needs some thing more. One needs to go into the menu to switch to the lists no matter which list has an upcoming task. It should have option to show the mix of tasks from all lists in tiles/widgets on app home interface. I really like the snooze option, quite straight away.
 Ahh that`s fun  I had work last night, a party after, went to the movies today to see Wolverine. Was a good weekend
This app is the best thing ever First i had the task list from 2010 and i was organising my life and my work,and i thought it was the best,until the new updates and i could not use it anymore and i was so sad But now i found Tasks, which is 10 time better,and i am only 4 hous on it. Thanks again for the creator and the team Great work
 I really like pink after I saw her live while in the new T-MOBILE Advert
such a long day, heading to bed  . iloveyou <3
Download movie  'Jackass 3' http://tinyurl.com/caotku cool #movie
 you were greeeeeeaaaaatttttttt babe!! It was amazing!
HAPPY MOTHERS` DAY!
 Yeah, Jimmy Fallon is back to do a skit. Yay!!!!
I've been sending e-mails like crazy today to my contacts...does anyone have a contact at Goodby SIlverstein...I'd love to speak to them
Awesome app. I found in this app exactly i want. With this app all tasks can be completed in a very organized way with proper timing
#f1 soon  good luck brawn and mclaren fix up look sharp :p
&not gonna lie. it`s 60 degrees in here. thanks for leavin me your sweater molly. brrrrr
Just finished watching He`s Just Not That Into You.  Loved it.
i suppose i best get ready for work  grrr
Work, work, work. Finally not sick, though.
_aguirre  not going anywhere & when my book finally gets hre It will be cool 2 know wht Butch looks lk..LOL It was going in mail tdy
--please do SNL every week!! i couldn`t quit laughing!! u+snl=best nite ever
_ kk`s  have fun eating lol, remember shaun loves you haha
happy mothers day to all the mothers, grandmothers, furbaby mommies, etc!  heading out for breakfast with my mom shortly
I love soo much !!!!!
Congrats to Dave & Anna! Surprise proposal at the Enzian Theater in Orlando  http://qik.com/video/1638824
Great App. Keeps me on task and organized. Freezes a bit and didn't show all of my planned events. I had to reprogram but other than that no issues at all.
 I`d love for Nicky Poo and Bri & Howie & Aj, to wish me a happy birthday  please please please please pleaseee guys..
Started 2 days ago, learned to add new tasks, it's a good little way to push your will.
happy mommys day!
#HappyMothersDay to all the moms out there
At work and really slow for a beautiful day and a Friday.
 hey cant wait 4 u guys 2 come over 2 jersey woop.... hope ur lookin 4ward 2 it coz we r  x
happy mother`s day to all your mom`s
http://bit.ly/dIQF3 I hope some day my mom will get this message!
 The Priests were really good. Guess they wouldn`t be welcome on Late Late at the moment
You want ittt, you got ittt!
Ok all have hit the point of relaxation.. heading to bed  sleep well and Happy Mother`s day to all you Moms out there!! Night
Has been using for 6 years now. Thumbs Up!
This app is awesome! I love it not only I'm creating healthy habits, I am also learning thru challenges, you get to talk to people and destroy bosses. Is really awesome. Plus I had some trouble connecting to the game and Alys responded to me quickly and also they fixed it. Shout out to Alys. You guys are doing a good job.
 lmao i get that alot  haha
Hi, i was just getting up now so i tought i could write something. Today i`m gonna go shopping! Soo fun, isn`****?
 **** **** and blast!  I`m at LMHR tomorrow and Sam out   Who is running it?  I could see if she could join next week?
Thanks to my assignment im off to work today!
Good Develops app ⌛⏰🔏
Best app for calendars. It's complete in almost every way possible. Made my calendar app for life because of the customization power you have!
is now following Chester Bennington, awesome!
Its AWESOME 1) download it to manage time 2) time hw 3) stay on track with every day activities 4) easy tolook back on *ORGANIZED* time plots to help manage day to day activities! It's easy to use and is organized with minimal work (you can also use time coins to plant real trees)
I liked the app very much, I signed up and so with the hope that my to do list would sync with all devices. But when I reinstalled the up after cleaning my phone, everything disappeared. 😢
Quite confusing
Its a very good app however I guess its desktop version is not available. If they have it will be a great organizing app. Great app 😘
Lovely app with good UI
 Cheers John, thanks for following me. Look forward to your twitterings too. Think this`ll be a good place for my rants  ****
Had so much fun with jï¿½ and family  Happy bday my beautiful aunt! s2
 - Wtf Polyvore? what`s that?  enjoy it though.
Microsoft version of Wunderlist. Lists can be shared and sync'd between users. Needs drag and drop feature to allow items in lists to be prioritised based on position.
_Guy Would luv to hear music too but iï¿½m out of batteries - the tv plays besides but i think this is some kind of vampire movie
  i for one welcome our new cyber-criminal-overlords.
 Not a problem. I loved that idea, and of course the photos were just perfect!
 one day my hugs will come    *fingers still crossed*
Can`t wait 4 a real bed!  haha
I love this app very much but I've been having trouble recently with it. After a single use, it keeps shutting off by itself. Apparently, it shows me an error that I've not downloaded the latest version of it even though I have and even after deleting and reinstalling it back, it keeps glitching. I don't know what to do D:
Had interesting WKND. Sleeping Saturday & Productive Sunday!!
Well done for those peple who made this one for me.
 What does it matter? We ALL love you.  Take your pick. HA!
Goooosh! Someone payed my LastFM subscription  ^^
 Ciara was great at SNL..Kim...you were mentioned on SNL tonight..Justin T was really good also
Really useful, easy to use
Good night everybody, i love u Phillip! XO
It is awesome. Definitely recommend 💜
just woke up, no school today, we are free
nothings better then going out for chinese at the supperinn with ma fave cousins at 1am
 That is INCREDIBLY sweet!!!! What a good Hubby...
This is a brilliant little app! I frequently struggle with executive dysfunction and this app really helps me get things done!
Happy Mother`s day VALK!!
 Thanks Anita, I am looking for hosting, I will look at them too
 Congrats on your bike ride today.. Very impressive indeed.. Ya might be doing` the 'Tour De France' some day
,.. oh the Mint Lounge ...AWESOME night
living it up at empire hotel...free bottle service. it ROCKS having connections
 He`s an amazing jockey! Saw that Clydesdale commercial too..loved it!
Standing ovation for Wieters. Nobody was sitting down. Insane. Hit into double play though
mmmmm my hair smells guuud.  the wonders of 'pantien' ;D
Moved here from Wunderlist, after trying other apps. This is so clean and easy to use and does everything I needed and more. My fiance and I can now both keep track of the grocery list! (So glad it has the ability to share with others)
 Welcome
Good app but a big improvement would be to have categories for a grocery shopping list. I add things as I run out but that is not how they are found in the store. I would like to group item by product type so I don't miss getting something or have to backtrack.
Works great! No ads, no unnecessary complexity
Wishing all the Mama`s out there a very Organic Happy Mother`s Day
 the new song with cobra starship is amazing!!
@ inthebattle its really cute. One of my favorites.
Spent some time with the Guild Wars 4th birthday update. Menagerie is a welcome new feature... For Rangers anyway.
I've used all of the popular and some of the lesser known To Do List apps. This is by far my favorite. You don't have to have an account and has more options. But you should for back up purposes. The only problem I have is that when I miss a task, it says due 10 minutes ago when it's been 2 hours. My tasks do show up on time though. The times vary, but this issue started when I created an account.
Can I have a feature where I can maintain a record of how many times I actually finished the activity I was putting in? Include that and it's 5 stars from me.
Good app user friendly
 Thats beautiful
 sweet! make sure to put some in your bag for me
 be patient  you`ll get it soon
Amazing. Not only is this app cute-to-boot, but it's so easy to use! It doesn't largely focus on the character aspect, which I like because I'm mostly here to organize my life. Everything is covered: To-Do lists, Dailies, Scheduling; its so extremely customizable and in such a simple platform (that I dont have to pay extra for) Not only that, there is the community aspect! Its about holding yourself accountable, and this app is perfect, thank you.
Www//httpe.@com.emile
One or two minor hiccups when inserting advance appointments which resulted in a difficulty with getting the diary back to 'todays' date. I had to turn the phone on and off in order to correct this. Also had problems with the app widget failing to download after the phone has been turned on. Other than those issues the diary has been great. I would love to have more options to customise the appearance of the app, eg background or page colour options only work when you insert an appointment.
 voting is over. since like four days ago i think  i told all my friends 2 vote for you a million times. you will win! love you
i finally found the perfect matte lcd cleaner!! i-nix screen cleaner ftw!
  whenever you are mama!  Let`s do it
 unless you`re gretel killeen apparently. you did look pretty **** good
 Thanks `Mckenzie`
It's very optimised for everyday notifications, notes, list making and planning in general. The widget is quite handy, offering a preview of all the day of the week and tasks and events you have written down! My recommendation.
Easy to use smart and flexible options
Just chillin at home
Literally everything that i ever need in a todolist app... the minimalistic design and AMAZING user interface is soo user-friendly and helpful to stay organised and plan my days accordingly. Honestly this has been nothing short of a life changer for me.
 glad its nice there. Gray skies and rainy in wisconsin.
It's easy, smooth and fast.
 Wish I could go. Gotta work.
Very succesful Cancertown Launch yesterday
 Nice we didn`t see the fireworks but we sure heard `em
Organized.
it`s nice to leave the office when the sun is still up
  Well I was following you because I think your interesting ... and I was right
 Wow, that`s really sweet! I`m assuming this is blog-related.  Thanks so much.
You rock! From Grumpy Grandma. Than you SO MUCH!
 but yeah i like purple maybe thats why!! ;)  :p :d
I really love this app! It makes me more motivated in doing my tasks. But, the only problem is, after a week while using this app the pop up message "Connection Error" began showing up on my screen. I'm connected in our wifi and it's fast enough. If it's just because the app is "under maintenance", I would appreciate if you will put a message regarding on that like "Under Maintenance: Go back for an hour". It's working now! ^v^
Crisis averted!  Phew! On a different note,  and ....you guys are making me so proud! tear!  wish i could have joined
Good nite everybody!  <:Baby Boy:>
colds nearly gone, yayness!! greys anatomy on tonight . . . . . .double yay!
cant contain myself, tooooooo excited
Beautiful design but, I'd prefer a one time charge option for the PRO version
 one of my favorite quotes ever
 Oh, that would be riveting TV!   Trips to the break room, coffee, toothpicks in the eyes to keep them open.
_Ross if you look at the js code in facebook you will notice a few js functions...nahh just kidding, a buddy told me
 i agree
trying to figure this twitter thing out!   I`m quite excited about it
Goodmorning twitter, oh my gosh, i woke up soooo nice, lol ... oh hai thar twitterverse. Happy #mothersday everybody  (especially mine)
The app does wonders!
 Hooray!
listening to dave barnes, getting really excited for junior senior
Going to bed. Today was another good, if uneventful day.
Very good job. Would like option for completed habits to hide for the day, and option to edit categories names, icons and colours
 HAHA all because of chocolate? Always knew your heart was in your stomach. Wait till you try the truffles
Travel blog up and running!  http://charlenedianetravels.blogspot.com Can`t wait to start filling it up with entries! )
 always good to see you - even in cyberspace
how sad. last entrance 2cal academy of science was at 4pm. and it was zipcode free day too.
This calendar application is fantastic and it is very easy to use. The best thing about it is that you can set multiple events and reminders. It's great that it has up to 5 reminders that you can set, for an event that you've made. There's also a custom setting for setting reminders to any specific time of your choosing. I'm also glad that it doesn't have autocorrect. There are convenient weekly monthly and yearly views to choose from. Great calendar application! I highly recommended it!
Useful program. Could be the center of my daily activities. Would be better-smoother, more integration with Gmail and Google Calendar with, again, better, easy, even default--'scheduled follow-ups' on same screen--Category, Priority, Time/Date. No less important, drag and drop tasks onto other Categorical Tasks to create a Categorical Hierarchy based on Time/Date/Priority-Level in the Task. Then, instantly shows in Google Calendar with a simple, mouse-over 'Zoom-to-Task' in the Calendar.
 guessing... Ran 4 miles & gym? Superman you  oxox
 Nice skillz Nick  x love always, Marjorie & Jemimah. Sydney, Australia.
I needed a calendar that would extend my schedule to infinity and with multiple rotation scenarios for a variety of store visits. It does that great. Is it possible to simplify moving events (which actually are my store visits) to other days within the same week or month? It wud be great if you could just drag the store you missed to another day and it would only change that single event, not the rest in the rotation. Thanks.
I should have posted this for the world Pinhole day   I Love this picture. http://twitpic.com/4jb4d
I have had this app for years now. It is the best calendar app I have used. I like how well it integrates with contacts, and how I am now able to attach files. Definitely makes my life easier.
Love this app! Didn't think I could find something as good as Wunderlist but this app is better! Just a couple of things would make it perfect. Option to change font size and option to add new items to top of list.
 Morning Chip - loved the new html format on your ezine.
mhmm idk i thought of just showing up and freaking ppl out hehe...but yeah i TOTALLY understand if it is just for u guys  VN sounds cool!!
At the coast. Too many people here i know.  i love you Nicci!
 Up is out?  I didn`t get the memo   It looks amazing.
Is feelin right rite now
In children`s hospital ER hoping Meredith does NOT have a broken elbow/arm
Goodnight;
forgot the pin of my debit card. thank God the card still works after several attempts. just bought cake for sister`s birthday. wheew!
Nyappy mother`s day to your mom`s.
Chillin with the rents, and looking at hilarious old photos. Well funny!
Heading back home with a win!
  Thanks darling girl   ****
Easy to use and very helpful. I love it!
 xbox broke  hope you enjoy playing 1 vs. 100. I was...looking forward to that.
Feeling much better  Doing History Research.
It's very good. Moved off Wunderlist since Microsoft is forcing a MS account and will eventually get rid of it. It's not as good as Wunderlist which I miss but it's very good so using this moving forward.
Not quite Wunderlist but I'm pretty happy overall with how it works. One suggestion would be having a "Tomorrow" option similar to my day so you can add stuff to your "My Day" the night before.
 Had lunch at Bittercreek, they were out of Hopnoxious  Had Sweetgrass IPA tho, so all is still right in the world.
What an incredibly great day.  hahaha!
wooo am recovering from running race for life yest!!! i managed 36 mins 44secs, not bad for absolutley no trianing
Trying my best not to share this lovely head cold
@khalid0456 No, Lebron is the best
Jibj
converting the Armin Only - Imagine concert for my iPhone... fun fun
I love it so far. Bummer to have to pay for premium but it's not a bad price. I am only doing the minimum 5 habits because I don't need that many. :) it could use a reminder notification 🔔 Update: still love this app. It's helped me keep track daily.
i love it when justin timberlake hosts snl; hilarious
 Were done so much for them, then brazilians ha! but no meh, i think they love the other countries more then the UK
Great app, the best time setting interface of anything. Only feature I don't like is if you change the start time of an event it proportionally changes the end time so you have to change the end back to where it was and if you change it enough to span the midnight hour now you have to change the days too.
  lost luggage? Sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: http://budurl.com/9mua
On the one hand... It takes a while to customize and set up, but that's because there are a lot of options for customization available, which I love. This is helpful motivating me to accomplish my tasks.
 yay! your face is back
_LeAnn if it makes you feel better im studying on a sat night w/o blackberries
Very good and gets the job done, not the prettiest or well designed but certainly not the worst! It's exactly how it's pictured and works fabulously too. No crashing or issues here.
 it is so unfair that all the good rock shows happen only in B`lore and Pune
I've started using Todoist again recently and fell in love with this app. It's one of the best list managers and the big advantage for me is that it is cross platform
I bought this great app. Just started using it. I am a procrastinator so I am struggling to meet my goals. I am therefore absolutely relying on this app to help me track my performance. I really like the notifications with the positive words it attributes to me. I like the fact that you can quantify exactly the number or time allocated to the habits and track against that. When I manage to conquer a habit I will write a new review. Cheers
   hi holly  i`ll volunteer to try it out first for u! hope ur having a fab weekend xoxox...
  Hey thats good, my Daughter`s still asleep and Son is drawing, better feed him v soon
Got the sniffles   I SO don`t want to get sick - I don`t need this.
Hurray! 'Summer-time' starts today, meaning I only have to work until 4 pm, instead of 4.30. Until August! Yay!
 oh cool you are coming to berlin    ! ! !
As of today, _a_Bo0 and I have been going out for two years. Best two years ever
totally the best part of my day was studying with   haha ok now i`m really leaving holly`s and i`ll be there shortly! peace!
 i totally owe you a week of on-call duties.  i appreciate not having those while jill is in town
Jquery is my new best friend.
It's a great concept to get work done or take a break from the phone. It would be nice if there was an option to time yourself and grow a tree while doing work on the phone itself like working on Google Docs for instance... If the app allows you to identify some work apps and use only those while the tree grows.
Headed to drop my lil cuz off at the bus stop! Then its back to the bed to read my book!  relaXin on my day off.
http://twitpic.com/66ymw I`m gonna miss these guys so much  Thanks for making the 5 years at senior school amazing!
Wishing all the Mom`s in the world a VERY HAPPY AND RELAXING MOTHERS DAY. May you get to spend the day with your feet up being pampered
Friday yay!! And a bonus, don`t have to drive to Wales tonight.  Athough will miss kitten cuddles and going for a ride
 Friends in Ent Industry have said it was really really good.  Hopefully I can convince my wife into a date night  #hhrs
 kittens are cute then they grow up n become CATS
Great app for revising and studying, it really helps you to stay focused 😁 growing trees to keep you focused is a lovely concept and I love the sounds you can play in the background
 break a leg  but don`t do it for real it just a saying :p ' good luck'
 Happy Mom`s Day!  Here in Spain it was last Sunday!! Any hint of when the first single will be out on radio? LYM!!  Mini
_D_ happy birthday
It's been a good way to get things done, and the concept of an RPG is very well executed. The reason for 4 out of 5 is simply regarding the interface. My wife uses it on iOS and it is light-years beyond what we have on Android. Much cleaner, more useful information, and less clunkiness.
Only began using it but seems intuitive to use. Love that I have various lists, link to projects, share lists, assign tasks and gave due dates
GETTING A PUPPYYY!!!!  What should I name him? I think Romeo is cute.
Just had some delicious sushi from niko niko on vermont and hollywood  mm
This is a great app. It's helped me stay on task with everything I need to get done.
Very helpful to keep me on task with work, home, life.
 > 'live Q&A 24/7'... definitely the best part of twitter for me
 ok thanks  do you like my new pic? http://twitpic.com/4jewc
I love my Mom. Yo Amo a mi Mama. ? ? ? Thank you mommy... Ti amo con tutto il mio cuore.  Happy Mother`s Day
 Because pop culture is beautiful. Also, you can`t pull weeds wrong. I promise. You can practice on my yard if you are nervous
Best app to keep me up to date. Helps me remember all my tasks along with their due dates. I tried many apps to help me remember my tasks( as my memory is a bit weak),  but I must say that this app has best helped me. I just loved it.
Feeling smooth like chrome
 yay were all saved! Weve overcome god again!
Why did you change the chat order? :( Now the newest messages are at the bottom, it just feels so unnatural, it was fine before it didn't need a change
One word to describe this app is AMAZING. Ultimate app for to-do and habit tracking. After many years a single app has impressed me so much. Highly recommended 👍
 - that is awesome.
 boooo!!! I bet it was a nice wallet too
 Ohhh, i really want to see Coraline, it seems really good
Great application
Done! Finally.. Yay.. Now I can relax for.. Well one day ;D haha..
Hope all the Mum`s out there had a Mother`s Day with love, close family & friends.
    Lmao Yes its on the 27th  I get so excited lol
 happy birthday  and  congrats  wish you were here for your lady..ill take care of her;)
 Thats good!  Keep it up guys! Would love to come down and visit sonetime
Intelligent intuitive design! This is how I would have designed one for myself.
going to look in the refrigerator for a taste snack to eat
 Bill, absolutely fantastic programme. Loved the `cow bell` bit towards the end.
Happy mothers day to all the Twitter moms, sent my own mom a very sleepy video by phone and called after.
 LOL thx
Its time for me to pack up at work now and have not had much time for twitter!  Thank you for any follow fridays. Be back later!
Helps me at work soooo much! Perfect program. Can't think of anything that would make it better. I'm a type A list maker. Love it!
LOVING the hot weather forecast for the rest of the week!!!!  Summer is almost heeeeere
This app is awesome. At the moment while we're in quarantine. I have to do a whole bunch of school work and it's just easier for me to make sure I'm doing everything. Make sure I'm getting everything done and it's just really great. Thank you so much!
This app is so good
  hope he is ok!
 hopefully I`ll get to see HTB next week and LA really soon!! Can`t wait!!!
This is just great!! I saw my favorite youtuber using this and I was like what the hell is she using that enables you so much facilities like you are bound6to stay focused. I literally searched for the name of this app and I finally found it. I am using it for 1 month now and it's the best..!!! ❤ but sometimes it just don't notifies me when the time is over and sometimes just keeps counting the time even when I m watching YouTube or instagram on my phone.
 I`m hearing lots of good things about the new Trek movie. I`ll see if my Dad, 'a fellow Treky', would like to see it
My mom likes Milow`s version of Ayo Technology... It`s a good thing she doesn`t have a clue what it`s about.
Shopping. Cleaning. BMFing. Webcam chatting with nephews. Nothing spesh, but a good bank holiday Monday nonetheless
awwww bless her  she needs another chance.
Recovering from a bad fall at lunch. Great start to the weekend.
The best app for to-do lists. It does have a couple of minor issues: * The widget can become unusable once in a while (stuck forever on the loading screen). * It can also take a couple of seconds for an item to be removed after you check it off on the widget.
Absolutely fantastic! Clean, fast, non intrusive.
ah midday - great time for breakfast
Yay my ears match
 wow thanks for saying that man! I`d love to illustrate children`s books!
I really love this app, I love challenging myself as I have a very bad phone habit and will lose hours staring at my phone. Devs, my trees die when an alarm goes off on my phone - super frustrating when I'm just picking it up to turn the alarm off. Maybe that can be an exception?
 saw your pics, so awesome!
Hey! Let`s Follow each other! Wouldn`t that just be awesome!?
 Im pleased hun
 ITS A BANK HOLIDAY STUPID!! wait, they don`t have bank holidays in America... Okay keep on celebreting
  imnot aloud to call you!but i think your awesomeily!****
 That`s a great idea
 YAY to som1 i no on twitter...slowly slowly rest of the grade will come around...hah  i hope ur ready for my constant tweets!!
 Happy Mothers Day
1.2 mile run and 450 meter swim, things are looking better and better... Laying off the bike today
I only started using it yesterday, and so far it is interesting, and I think it will be useful. I'd give it 4.5 stars, but that isn't an option, so 4 it is, for now. I'd really like to see a better way to organize Dailies, preferably alphabetically, so tasks I tag as Morning will show up before Night (though admittedly, that wouldn't help if I labeled any 'Afternoon' or 'Noon').
Good app for daily reminder
_26 i wish you were here to take care of me
 Fun to read, thanks! You Brits make things interesting  Funny they whittled 33 saints days to four,... http://ff.im/-2zgfk
Watching Everything Is Illuminated  and dreaaaming<3
Hello! I love the app as the tree is cute and creative. However my tree doesn't die when i press the homescreen button for forest. It doesn't die when i leave the app and go to another app. What i want is the tree to die when i leave the app so that i can increase my focus and productivity in doing work. Help please?
decided that wolf in a future Star Trek Logo game would be much cooler than Chewy in Star Wars
Love johnny deep looks in public enemies (L) I`ll catch this film when show in HK
Easy interface 😁
Perfect app. Best app ever I really love it
 jass warn me b4 u go to nxt war...i am there to have fun...
My Degree  [Tear] happy moment!  http://mypict.me/1ZpF
More pictures! It was such a pretty day  http://tr.im/kWOD #fb
I had a great experience but i gave 4 stars because the time is only for 25 minutes and again we have to open our phone to set a new timer and get distracted.. The best thing abt this app is that it has very relaxing sounds that help us to focus and concentrate on anything which we do ... I would be really happy if u increase the timer to 1 or 2 hrs ... Thanks
So glad I`m finally done with finals!
 You got it! YAAAY!!! I was really worried your phone wouldn`t fit, so glad it does!  Happy Mother`s Day, lol!
_Wright THANK YOU! 'Return of the Mack' is THE jam!
FANTASTIC week in London but ATROCIOUS 8 hour journey home
A salute to Chapel Hill North Carolina. From SY  * ? http://blip.fm/~5jgj3
 Awesome pics! It`s a nice way to start the week
wants see my friends  ;-) http://plurk.com/p/wxnwa
I`m awake. Anybody else awake? Wish I lived in the US since all the fun happens when I`m asleep!
Very good tool to organize my days .. thank
i`m so happy i aced my final!
great help when you need to stay focused and shouldn't touch your phone 😉 Since the last update, I can't access the shop anymore. It keeps loading and loading...
 Link won`t open, but I will try it when i have a better connection tomorrow. I`m curious now
Very good app, it keeps reminding me every week to do my weekly review, and that's what I do, can't wait to actually start using it properly tho 😅
can`t wait to see `Transformers 2`.. C`me on, Shia! Yippiee!
YES! I DONE IT! at last.  my homework is ready dx and i can go waaalkiiing because the sun is shining ^^ oh yeah.
Quite simply, the best. Cannot get over how user-friendly Todoist is--the devs clearly designed with *intention*. Pre-made templates are a godsend, text markup/emoji integration made me smile, and powerful organizational features made me stay. Kudos 🙌
Great Tool
_LaMont yr very young looking dude
Simple, allows you to manipulte lists, sub catagories. First one ive found that really works for me.
Need to fold laundry and finish dishes... clean out the rabbit`s cage too. That`s about it that really needs to be done... doable
Happy Mother`s Day, Moms!!! You are wonderful!! Have a great day
This amazing app 😍👌👍
Loved it.... Awesome for making habbits, Best app for monitering ur tasks and daily routine Thanks HabitNow
Just got my heart ripped out  i love you guys
is having awesome fruits and vegetable juice at the opening of Lam`s noodles at 8  #fb http://tinyurl.com/qnjqx2
 Looks nice.... never knew VHS had such a short life span... hope my fav VHS is not dead
The sun is shining  Have a great day
Love that you can have several lists, and sub lists, and set reminders/deadlines.
 Yes PM PM you are right
 not sexy with 2 tubes sticking out of my stomach  but thanks !
Theres a spider above my bed  calming my fears by listening to greeeeen day<3
2am feedings for the baby are fun when he is all smiles and coos
and thanks,  , fr. yr congratulatory gweetin`
researching ecologically friendly carrier bags... its not cheap to be eco friendly
It cool
is updating you LIVE from Benihana of Tokyo in Waikiki  Happy Birthday Mark!!!
had a wonderful evening with those I love!
  so far surprisingly good responses. My dad offered to airbrush the old logo on the wall..but I think that might be overkill
 You Got Twitter! Yayy  ****
going for lunch soon  with my fave cuzs
Wooow, I haven`t charged my iPod Touch all day today, and it`s still ALIVE! That`s so coolio
  I wish I could go. See ya at Warped for sure tho!
Hey, thanks for the follow, wow this is exciting a new tweet.
A very good Pie chart graphical view of your schedule with nice colours and everything is good about the app specially the graphical side. I'm not a pro owner but also rating 4 stars because of the glitch in app today. My whole sector were invisible today and it just showed blue colour filled circle with only an area of 45° looking as faded blue. And nothing else was there. I also have screen shot of the error if developers need it. Else it's a great app. Soon will buy the pro version.
 I def will. If anyone leaves the room for a second he has to follow. He`s a really great dog otherwise so far.
 a lovely weekend thank you  Whats it like where you live? Exciting im sure  night night ****
At social.  just saw G-1.. Awwww
 I send messages to greg all the time, no answer  its ok I still love o & a, goog luck with your move to Erie.
Watchin Espn..Jus seen this new Nike Commerical with a Puppet Lebron..sh*t was hilarious...LMAO!!!
Woke up and it`s bank holiday monday, so no college. got a text from tom via jason`s mobile earlier today, so i`m hoping they turned up.
 a bit too early for me and wanting to have nice lunch too... have a good time
 at least she doesnt try to violently hump you like my (female) dog does
Absolutely amazing. The only planner app I can actually successfully use. I'm really bad with these and my brain seems to like this one's straightforward interface.
_dog Lucky you! it`s drizzling again. Mommy says the puddles are big enough 4 me to swim in, so no dog park today..
Happy Mothers Day. Havent got mom a present yet? Print off an Amazon Gift Card for her!  http://snipurl.com/hq0n1
wants to greet all the mom`s out there a Happy Mothers Day!!! May you enjoy your day!!
It's a great app to stay focused but sometimes I use my phone to go on Google or use Google translate or dictionary and other things that I need to do my work. I think the app should let us choose which apps can be an exception because phones are sometimes very important in doing our work. Restrict only games and social media.
 hey love whats up! my voice is shot  whats new with you
_ yeah, just knew him because of your link  HE`S COMPLETELY AMAZING AND HE SINGS PHANTOM!
I've been using this app and the watch face on my Moto 360 for close to about a year now. With all my events for the day (and the next day) visible on my wrist, I can keep track of my calendar easily. However recently, the watch face is defaulting to 'Simple Clock' (default watch face) whenever I use the watch. It only affects Sectograph and it has been bugging me since.
Pretty good app to keep track of your bad habits you want to quit
Удобный, наглядный трекер привычек с подробной кастомизацией. К сожалению, не всегда корректно срабатывают напоминания - во всплывающем окне не нажимаются кнопки, приходится переходить в приложение, чтобы отметить выполненное действие.
Would love to be able to customize the app more.  Need to add a dark theme and also add an agenda view.
Great App, loved the design style, feels great to use, elegant and quick way to construct your day
http://twitpic.com/67fcj - what i have to resort to wearing today cause i haven`t finished my laundry. lol.
_gregor Great avatar
too many good shows coming up and no money to buy tickets. fmfl. brand new at the troub?
 It would be amazing if we could meet us in Germany! I have been to Germany twice.
Please, make an option to use the old style widget. Unfortunartely letters became too small for 4x6 home screen grid.
To every mom, mommy and mother, Happy Mother`s Day   Hope you all do something special and fun today.
KMF going smoothly so far. Free stuff is always a plus.
 orralle.. have fun
I don't have this app for long, but it is really easy to use so i like it, it also allows you to skip a day if you can't do it that day (just change the day)
Easy interface, Great help
 Ooh really?!! Well you know you`re always welcome!!
had a cracking night last night, don`t think i`ve ever laughed so much  nice, lazy day today woop!
 http://twitpic.com/4jb66 - lol pretty long
SUPER INVESTORS: A great weekend read here from Warren Buffet. Oldie, but a goodie. http://tinyurl.com/oqxgga
 Haha I should. But I won`t. lol Then I might miss something.
Easy and simple to use.
Enjoyed Star Trek... More please
 I see you didn`t shave your head. But I *LOVE* the cut.  I`m glad you didn`t shave it. Your hair`s too pretty!
Very useful app. How do I get the notifications to disappear automatically once they pop up? I don't want to stay clear them every time. Thank you.
 Thank you sister!!
Guess I'll be retiring my G1 and start using my developer G2 woot #googleio
 Yeah, it`s good! If you`re not going to use it, give it to me! I want to watch Star Trek
Amazing app to take notes and make to do lists.
I just put my TV on the Canucks game and they score  yaay come on VanCity baby (I know, I can`t believe I`m watching hockey either)
 If you`re flying to NZ www.hot.co.nz is a great way to get results in aggregate.
 Gotta love skype! Make sure you get their new update!
tafe was actually quite good. for once
hommmmmme! good day
Funciona bien, pero si le hacen falta cosas, tengo la versión premium, resulta que debería existir la opción de crear categorías (donde uno pueda seleccionar el ícono que más le convenga de la lista que ustedes dejen y poder asignarle el nombre de la categoría) por ejemplo: como sabemos, existe categoría denominada "study" pero no se puede configurar mas de ahí. Sería bueno poder crear categorías con el nombre de cada materia para tener un mejor control de lo que se HACE.
Good app. I use it to daily to keep track of everything. It works well.
Good app but need to something more
I love being able to run my tongue along my teeth
Up way way way to early this am....thanks _benson
 is my son - he gets my vote today coz he has grown into a loving, caring `soul-full` man - who loves his mum
 don`t you just love the 'butteflies in your stomach' feeling?  ano man yun, kaya mo yan.
Developer responded to my issue quickly and politely. App is pretty good so far, maybe a little more clarity is needed about the user interface for dummies like me :) Like an arrow to indicate I can swipe for the rest of my schedule.
 yeah I m so happy for them that they should moved on and out there partying I m so happy
You better come here by the time I count to 10 or else. 1, 2, 3,  BAM!!!!!
its a beautiful,albeit, windy at times, night in So No....
Just shot my new .22 rifle!  The auto-reset plinker target I built in shop class works great!
Thank you all for the huge response w/ blessings & congratulations for us and Anna... We`re indeed a family in church  love that so much
Really cool visual presentation. Lots of customization features. Great calendar keeper.
Good simple screen, best I've seen for a while. Also brings together Calendar, Tasks and Notes.
so bryan was at the sweet 15 and i didnt think we were gonna talk but towards the end of the night we talked
_Efron 17 Again was amazing! I have seen it three times! It`s just hilarious, and you are fantastic!
I'm liking it so far. It's a very customizable experience, and I can really get into the details without the interface being too complex. I would like to see more widget options for the ap on the home screen. I like to see my schedule and routine the moment I open my phone. While there is a widget, it's rather lack luster. Synced with the programming, I think it would be cool if they had a calendar widget available.
Going to workout + swin... fun
Happy Mother`s Day to all the Mom`s out there, but especially to my wonderfuly Mommy
Could go for a lot of McDonalds. i mean A LOT.
i jus love doin night shifts...will be done in an hour
rain, rain, rain. wow i actually LOVE the rain....
Good Morning!!! Work and then it`s ESPN`s Sunday night Baseball. hopefully it won`t get rained out
http://twitpic.com/67ot5 - the most amazing decoration of a store i`ve ever seen... & it`s almost been 2 years
WOW I REALLY LOVE THIS APP!!! Such a great idea. I first downloaded it for my youngest daughter to try help her with responsibility & organization, we connect daily on the app to check each other's progress. I generally enjoy this game, it is the only one have on my phone.
 hey there! your web URL looks good
Still enjoying this app after all these years
_babe woo! im getting mine on monday,cant wait  x
Its already hot outside...  thank goodness my car has amazing a.c!!! cyalater!!! off to work!!!
 teehee. it was a good show anyway
Happy Mother`s Day.
You can add one thing, when we'll touch on particular time period then the particular task should be displayed.
just made a South-Korean email pal. Happy!
This app is so cool! It really helps me to motivate my self and I love the sounds it does in the background! Highly reccomend!
Very fun and a good way to stay focused. I do recommend this app. The sounds come broken sometimes, it should be fixed.
saw kim kardashian on robertson today, ate a hella good sandwich at bay cities in santa monica, and just downloaded a lot of new songs
  awwwww i`m such a scifi geek and StarWars is the TEN COMMANDMENTS for us geeks!!
It's for keep
 I KNOW!!!! Its all stormy outside.. and my hair looks cute today..  hahah
mmm, just had the best delicious chocolate pancakes for tea break. oh thank God for HERHSEY`S Chocolate Syrup!
  awesome! All deserved I`m sure. Miss the Crabs games
it works well for me
I still can`t believe the Matt McCoy interview got 255 views!! Twitter truly is....AWESOME!
 wow cute Pic
Great app for focusing.
added 30 minutes to morning sleep by cutting out useless Today Show. Feels nice
 ah, ok  thank youuuuuu!
Is working as described. Could offer deleatable holiday date/names, with drag/drop rescheduleling... a query window where user could use a "window of time" (such as "3:30pm to 8:30pm" , 6 days a week (S-MTWTF), with "30 minute travle time") and locate new appointment opening automatically. It has been a useful app so far.
Very useful, and it syncs accross all of my devices. This is now my must have app
may the fourth be with you  happy star wars day.
school. 39 days !!! so exited. Amazing premier 
Gooood party last night (: Although I am extremely tired now. xD Off to bed to lounge around watch tv and sleep all day
 Great!
Excellent. The best to do app out there.
Very pleasant to work with, although it would be nice to have sub-skills that are part of a more general skill, for example a specific language that is part of languages in general, and the option to rank up high level skils, for example begginer(insert topic here) at level 100 evolves to adept(insert topic here) and goes down to level 1.
Ready to crash!...had a great day and a FUN night! I couldn`t ask for anything more  Night!
 you are amazing as alice, as if she was made for you. Thank you for everything! I now have a face for the character
? I had great time in Boston. Thanks to my baby girl.   http://plurk.com/p/rplmy
💪🏼💪🏼
 Very nice!  Bea and I are so bummed we can`t make it   We should try and get together in the near future.
Needs more vibrant colors, perfect everywhere else.
Love the design, although the rolling 12-hours takes some getting used to. Very helpful for me to be aware of how much time I have available before an event
_WOCKEEZ I wanna go! But I won`t be there  I`m sure that the show will be great!!
i think i just about have all my info syncing properly between my mac, mobile me, and iphone. yay! finally
I'm not making full use of this app yet. But it's a very handy widget for busy folks to visualise their agenda for the day.
I am in total love with my Lip ring...more than all 12 of my piercings...it is my ut-most favorite
Hi seems a good app to me for India this will cost 200 . Is it yearly cost or for lifetime .please let me know
This is a great app. I installed it two months ago, and I use it everyday. It keeps me awake to all my appointments, and helps me to organize everything. I recommend it to everyone.
So far so good 👍
A gift to myself. PUBLISHED! Episode 68 Align and Re-Align with Sensitivity Level 1-2 75 min #yoga class  http://bit.ly/8QAgh
Playing with my puppy
writing report cards  soooo tired but what an amazing day. check it out on fb soon!
 Oh very nice! I hope you have a wonderfully relaxing day!
 love the stuff he sell... you should help this guy with his logo and shop  it`s kinda Wordart
does anyone know any good rap songs? i need to make a rap/fun cd and i have no idea  helllllpppp
_grl love your new profile pic
 hahaha chivalry`s not dead, just rare
 ahaha thats okay and thanks
Great app. I love this for my daily lists, shopping lists etc. I love it also has the sub lists with tasks. Would definately reccomend this app!
Taco Bell With The Tramp!Yesssssir
 those cakes sure look good ,,took one if it`s ok with you  ummm good tks
Great concept. Reminders do not work and from some quick research it appears this has been an issue for literal years now. I was really hoping I could have the app remind me of tasks instead of setting a hundred alarms on my phone. I'd prefer not to have both. I'd really appreciate if reminders would actually work.
 I look forward to having one very soon
 I`m proud of You Solange.
Enjoying Mother`s Day
Going to bed, busy day tomorrow...Happy Mother`s Day Madre! Te Amo!
New Project is going incredibly well! and I`m not tired today  I think we should get all Monday`s off. Permanently.
is also very excited for the BLAZIN SQUAD revival!  im rooting for `em-- their new song http://tinyurl.com/dz7tms
Very helpful so i can remember what to do on that day!
Had a great talk with Tony this afternoon... we`re going to give it another go
 E.L.O.  wow, brings back so many happy memories.  LOVE this band!..and yes, I know I`m showing my age but I don`t care
Simple, easy to use, and very helpful.
 hello  I`m up late playing on the internet. I love you!
I would really love to see a pomodoro timer, habit tracker, and a kanban board. The subtasks management could be better as it is in TickTick. I really love how Todoist have 2-way Google calendar sync.
good night! im off to sleeep!!!! 5 am  good mornining! xD
Happy mothrs day 2 ; all thaa moms outt thr  *
Hi Charlie, thank you for following me! Nice to know there`s another Ollmann in the new world...
 I wish I could work like you, dude...
happy mother`s day! everyone have a great day and make sure you go see ya mommas
Perfect! Time Tune is simple, customizable and incredibly useful! I've been searching for an app like this for a very, very long time! Thank you!
loves the cancuks  <3
is lovin his Nike  already and that's only from running on the spot in his bedroom
 this is funny, we just discussed Bela Lugosi  over dinner, his apearance in Plan B from outer space 'best' movie ever
Best to do app
  hope your day gets better soon!!
Will the Lakers kick the Nuggets ass tonight?
Oh.  The voting is over!   But don`t worry, I already voted for you about 100000000000000000000000000000000000 times earlier!!!!!!  <3
 LOL, point at yourself and laugh!
 Have fun at the show tonight... wish I could be there
 I loves me some Jeff Lynne, and I do enjoy sitar work, but that was kinda weird. To each his own, I s`pose!
This app is wonderful, but I am having problems with the things linking to the network. I have a good internet and have tried restarting the app several times, however I can't seem to connect to the shop for my in game currency and the real forest things. It says unable to connect, I'm just saying this in case, I'll check with support
http://bit.ly/TGVR7  via  thank you tiff
The app is a great concept helping me keep track of goals and be motivated to do the things I need to in a day. Friendly competition and cooperation keep things interesting and encouraging. Quests are wonderful long term motivation, along with the goal of filling the stable. It is discouraging, frustrating and hurtful when I try to check off dailies (or do ANYTHING on the app) and it doesn't let me because of connection failures. I lost health overnight because it didn't let me check off my dailies? Especially frustrating during quests. Myself and friends all have the "connection problems" in different locations on data, or wifi at the same time... Fixes are quick, and interactions/responses pleasant! Great app!
 the step show was fantabulous! (hi  !) my sis`s group won 2nd in their division and 2nd in the show overall! WHOO!
Ticktick has much better widget customization
Helps remind me of my goal
A really cute app! Great for keeping track of your focus.
Why take down show more or less function on Note after latest update version (Dec. 17 2019)? It's really useful.
it`s Blockbuster week in New Zealand - 'Wolverine' tomorrow followed by 'Star Trek' on Thursday!
 wow, that`s cool  bytheway, i love your new TV show
 im cool  cant wait to hear these stories xoxo
Great app for visualizing your schedule and the inbetween duration of events (actual time of events and time left)!!! Really loved it and I treated myself with the pro version for colour customisation and 24 hour display! GREAT APP. ☆☆☆☆☆
I like this app, I downloaded a few to have a look and pick one, and I went with this one, I like the lay out and I just find it easy to follow l.
 You better believe it!   and I wouldn`t miss it for the world!
vb
 You are very, very good. Why didn`t I think of that?
 Aw, that song makes me think of girl scouts.
 love Dawn of the Replicants! love music monday!
 They are great friends of mine. I`ll let you know when they are playing next and you can come along and do whatever you like
I seriously underestimated Malcolm Gladwell.  I want to meet this dude.
_43 HAHHAHAH that really made me laugh out loudd! ahahahahahahahahah your fuunny!!
Wonderful 👌👌👌
Got moommy somn special for mothers day
Last week of class... Well technically classes are over just have two exams  and summmmmerrrrr begins...yeahhhhhyaaaaaa
Relaxing after a busy week and a tedious Saturday . . .
welcome  ! since it seems you`re interested in cheese I hardly suggest you to follow  too
Have been looking for a way to incorporate the elements of gaming into making progress "In Real Life". Even tried inventing something for myself but paper tracking was a nightmare and having it in this app is just fantastic! Really like it and it has made a big difference! The only reason I took it down a star is because it depletes my phone battery really fast if I am in the app for very long, such as when I am shopping or browsing challenges, so I do these things mostly on my PC. Overall, great job! Would recommend this to anyone that enjoys gaming but is struggling with motivation in the real world.
About to pik out my hair, braid it up, scrub off my make up and relaxxxx.... tonight was fun
It doesn't crash, OFTEN, great interface, and easy to create an event and/or task list. Don't change a thing.
$y_Spitta Was caught in traffic around the Howlin Wolf for about 30mins. I was wondering WTH was going on.....musta been nice!
useful
 Go girl!! Start your day out right...gotta love that!
wishing i could go out of town this weekend
Great app. Still waiting for RTL support and sub folders. Please!!
Didn`t get to go wakeboarding  but i`ll be good cause i`m having a lush night!
 good moring mr bailey, it is my birthday today
Love it. User-friendly and intuitive.
Good app, just one suggestion, consider putting a weekly template with times on the side, its much easier to follow and visually appealing
Excelent app, use it daily. Sortable tasks, sortable sub tasks, many reminder options. See only what you need to do today, or this week, or customize date using widget. Paid version is worth it too. I have had the servers go down a couple of times in the last few months, may change rating of it becomes a regular problem.
 ...thanks for the shout out...you might be right about the starving thing....     little lol
And very concise app for making perfect timetables.
I alreay feel the hang over. Soooo worth it
Really easy to use task manager, ability to schedule posts and get alerts when you're over due, great layout in projects or per week, ability to add links, emails, and subtasks - made my work life a lot easier!
 Yeah, they`re great. I think we`ll hear more of them in the years to come
 BabyLove em homenagem ao Baby D
 That`s exactly how I feel.  I hope you start feeling better soon.
This app is damn near perfect. But you know what would be awesome? Being able to check off each complete tasks by adding a check mark. I would even pay for that feature. Make my life a lot easier.
I love to jazzercise with Mrs. Underwood. I wish she was my chaperone.
 I wish I couldn`t wrap my head around it  Hopefully it`ll wake up some people that say/think 'racism doesn`t exist anymore'
Nightlife Commando is like, chanting. The music is cool.  & Now I`m listening to INXS. The music in this song is amazing. The bass is win
Cool. Cant wait for dustbin baby
GOT MY WAVE SANDBOX INVITE! Extra excited! Too bad I have class now... but I'll play with it soon enough! #io2009 #wave
Wathing Dollhouse on Hulu, eating the special from El Taquito and a beer. B-day week is going well
just got back from Mcfly concert ahh it was so amazing! and I am now in love with David Archuleta
Good Morning  Jess here  Just wanted to say thank you to everyone following us  tell your friends about us please  ****
 aha thanks Jae
So, I finally got my but on Twitter. Let`s hope I make good use of this site
 yay! You`re on twitter!
 awe...Thank you Jon!
auntie diane wins quote of the day 'and hes the incredible hulk'
I love Stereosound HQ headphones
Just after I looked at the interface I knew it was what I was searching. Not so for the xp thing which is a very great idea but also how it handle goals like reading books... For anyone who think in terms of goals (and obviously who love RPGs) It's totally free though
May I know what's the difference between this app and the any.do calendar app?
Aw I wish I was in Ireland  
 wish  was coming too  I guess we can make time for you though if we have to ;)
On my way to work, cant be bothered
 Sweet! I`m a Jaycee one-letter-er I think. Just D!
Another great song to sing along with....    ? http://blip.fm/~5jhtq
 yea, I was just about to say something  It`s great to hear! Ukrainian!
Loves Agustin and his happy morning moods
love this app. It makes me focused on my work.
It`s great to be home! Temp is chill, cat is great and I feel awesome
 i am a bit more curious: how much did you pay for it?
Congratulation`s to phil packer on completing the london marathon  x a shining example to us all x
Came tantalizingly close to acing a Facebook communism quiz. One question has 'I hope Britain will be next communist' as correct answer.
 it is my honor
 discover a whole new beautiful you
OMG Great Day Today Went To A Art Thingy  And Noe I Really Want A Zune HD  And The Bed Part Its Raining  Come Out Mister Sun
Happy Star Wars day
 Glad you got there safe & saw your daughter.  Enjoy your time there!
i no i no bt i had only been a gamer for like 2 years when i made that attempt  lol yea i luvd F1 to an extent 
Finally back in bed with my puppies after a LONG week in Jamaica. loved it, but lve to be home too!! Night
 aww what kind of dog do u have? I have a chihuahua named Zoey
_OTTAWA ur welcome, sweet dreams!
Happy Mother`s Day all of the mom`s around the world!  I love mine more than anything in the world and can`t wait to celebrate! WOO!
Good organizer
 oh I love oreos!! U can`t get many varieties in the uk
Great app. Keeps statistics of your day, month and year in a compact form.
Fuzzball is more fun than Mother`s Day  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
Good performance so far
Well it would seem that you can enter nine 0s if you are an Individual without a SSN/ITIN or EIN according to Apple.  Hurray!
@shannyoday I will take you on a date to see night at the museum 2 whenever you want...it looks soooooo good
 *laughs* I`m glad that you have self confidence - it`s a wonderful trait to have  I`ll applaud extra loud for it, okay?
Starbucks I`m lovin` it
With that said, I`m out til later. Enjoy your day everyone!
 Rocket surgery hey? HAHA I thought it was rocket SCIENCE? Oh.. is that all.. I knew that I swear. Thank you
So much for buying that awesome new phone from sony ericsson  - I am now Berry`d like everyone else...
Exactly what I was looking for to help establish routines. I like that I can set it to place habits on certain days and don't manually have to readd them. My only suggestion is to be able to manually sort items
 watching dor on utv movies again great performance
 good
I love it, simple and effective! Is it right that the motivational pics don't switch anymore? Mine has been stuck on the very same for a year now :(
Superb
 lmfao!!! Yea anyone?? Please?? We`re really pretty!!!
I love these App things, it be hella awesome bro.
I guess I love it as it kind of works? I mean this is as good as an app can get for it's purpose. It has the perfect amount of features and completely customizable. The biggest problem I have is at the beginning it's very challenging to keep alive (as you have no party/armour yet) and also as far as I'm aware I could only edit the order of the dailies, I wish they can be done to other sectors too.
 thank you for reading Ohlala
I skip school way too often  I`m rather proud actually.
I really enjoy this app because it stops me from sitting on my butt 24/7.
 it was great to meet ya katie...awesome shows for sure!! Safe travels home.
Yesterday was the 1 year anniversary of the best day ever! YAY MCR!!!!
I use this app everyday. So many lists... camp, groceries, movies to watch!
 lucky you, all we`ve had is rain in the city today  enjoy! ;)
excited how the jon does will do today  Good luck guys ;)
 I`m sure It will be repeated soon, seems to be on  TV quite a lot lately. Glad you mentioned it last night, watched it again
 I miss you too.  We`ll have to get together once everything settles down in a few weeks.  Congrats on the house!
btw , , , and , i ordered some of yer merch yesterday.!  <33333333333
I wish I was laying in the sand listening to the waves crash against the shore!!!
This app has really helped me organize my schedule and block out my routines that don't fit into other time blocks and have smaller increments of type that are hard to see in other calendar apps. I would recommend using for morning and evening routines.
Every other month, I think I'll do better. I try again. I download this app. Everything gets back in order, so I uninstall it to free up space in my storage. Then I relapse. I download the app again. This is a never ending cycle of desperation, loss, and hope. I will always download this app. I will always uninstall it. 9/10 would recommend
Good set of features. Works well. Only wish I could display tasks or reminders on the Calendar without a time duration.
Super cute & functional! It syncs with both my personal (google) and work (outlook) calendars, space to plan priorities and meals (weekly/daily views) and LISTS! I don't use the stickers as much, but all the colors for events and background are enough for me right now. Can't wait for the widget to come out someday!
  haha aww hun i bet you are more creative than me
 DSi is the latest Nintendo DS with 2 cameras + stuff built in. We are a Gadget house. Luckily I get my blackberrys free from work
 I`ve got 18 yr @ home & 26 out the house & they`re always here! AND they bring FRIENDS! WHY?  Hope you have a blessed Day!
Literally the only app I found where the "today" widget shows only what is happening... today. Every other one will show the next couple of tasks, even if they're weeks out. Didn't know that was a ludicrously ridiculous request... but apparently it is, so thank you.
 i heard one of your songs, and you have an amazing voice  i was stunned
 thanks for coming in tonight  it made me so happy
This app is just excellent! A truly powerful task and project manager. Don't be filled by its apparent simplicity - there are a lot of features and flexibility hidden in this little gem. Try it out! What I would like added though is if the My Day planning feature can be extended so I can plan for the next day, not only the same day, so I can populate my following day's My Day view in the evening before going to bed, instead of having to wait to plan on the morning only.
_hawt Hmm..  Interesting choice.
 Thanks! and to you as well!
  - I always appreciate your 'musings.'
I've used several task and todo apps. This is the best by far!
yay, joss is coming over on saturday
Great idea and I'm enjoying it so far. Chores and errands are much more fun. My one gripe so far is that it seems like most items/quests cost gems, which are pay to play. I'm afraid i'll pretty quickly run out of free items/quests to strive for and then the app will lose its effectiveness. It'd be helpful if their were other ways to unlock gems outside of paying for them, like reaching extra high levels of productivity/habit building, etc.
 Thank you! And I don`t care for the look on his face.
_a_michael Hey! thanks for another great day! I`m going to sleep now! I`ll chat with you tomorrow!  Sweet dreams!
Excellent app for managing your task list.
This app has changed my life, I'd give it 10 stars if I could. It helps me manage my day to day tasks by making a list for every day of the week and switching between lists. I like that there is a widget available on my pixel phone so that I can see my checklists on my home screen.
Oh and PS. Since it is already 12:30, I should probably say 'Happy Mother`s Day' to my Mom and all the mothers out there!
5 stars for being a radiohead fan.... Great app by the way....
   Just saw it tonight as well... Great movie!!  Hope you`re well mate! Cheers E
Nice app It helps a lot to save time. You will understand where you used more time and where you should spend more time.
Fantastic app but 4 stars. Every part has been a comfortable experience for me until I started trying to use it across devices. I took me around 30 minutes to set up all my tasks the first time and when I signed into my account for the app all the tasks I had made got overwritten by the default tasks from the other device. It was partially my fault for the careless order that I signed in on the devices. But perhaps my issue could have been avoided entirely if when it attempted to sync my tasks from the internet the first time it asked me if I wanted to use the database that is from the internet or that is local. Would have saved me a lot of headache remaking all the tasks again. That said every other function provided is great and I would recommend.
 Hello there! Thankyou. I always seem to make a difference in  someone`s life everyday.
 just watched it on youtube and its hilarious. i laughed trough it.. seriously guys so funny.. greetings from Germany...
i love love love silverstein.  work tomorrow. boo!
Enjoying 'Gears of War' on my PC ! This game is really gooooood
Microsoft is like Wanderlist. Originally had issues sharing and syncing this To Do List app. Appears to be settling down. We like to it now.
This is a good app for note and everything as you want.... I am so happy for using this app....but it is more better if have search options...so currently improve it..
Ok back later, have a great time regardless of the weather  PS I`m only a BB away!
Good Morning and Happy Mothers Day everyone
 Thanks. I am greedy, looking for a full fledged widget (a la twitter) so I can like and share from within NV. 2 much to expect?
okay im happy again  i watched the second episode of jonas on youtube. i think tomorrow my family is going to olive garden for mothers day
 awwww  I`ll be waiting then, hope it doesn`t rain
I really love this free app. It's so cool to see my schedule visually and know how much time I have until the next event. The only thing I would change (and this may already be available in the paid version) is the ability to choose different colors for each event.
 Say cheese for the camera, or throw up some Western Mass gang signs to be cool
The ios app is lot better than this. please improve it as soon as possible.
_sara I`m sitting in the bus to dublin And listen tokio hotel-reden.And i must laugh.you know why
great so far, it would be nice to allow the 5 buttons on the widget have an option to skip a day, week or month forward or backward, if i would like to look ahead i have to open one or two apps when it could be a button you set on the widget. maybe even a button option that allows one widget to switch between multiple calendars, just thought id include that suggestion.
After installing and uninstalling several other apps I finally found this one and it suits my needs the best. I like the appearance and all the features. There are two things I'm missing however - subtasks and the possibility to tick off every single completed task or event for the specific day. This would make this app a perfect tool for me and I wouldn't mind to pay for it. As a busy mom battling depression I need a simple tool to help me to organise my day and week, and to remember my tasks.
 you guys ROCKED IT tonight in LA!! Love ya guys and cab wait to see another awesome show soon
Brilliant app! Allows me to achieve my goals, big ones as well as daily ones.
my favorite curling iron broke
interesting day. good overall
Lying in bed with my most favorit girl in the world. happy mommys day to me.
Good app with good widgets one star deducted as I can't work out how to view completed tasks, dailies and habits
Dear Daniel, good news from Nintendo! They want you as a potential Lotchecktester! Hoffentlich wirds was mit der Stelle
LMAO! listening to the great Bob Marley!  Wow hes so awesome
Ryan Stiles is still the funniest man ever. Got some great news and some not great news tonight. So happy I could burst
 Sounds like you`re in for a great day!  Enjoy
The Eagles make saturday nights so much better.
Just upgraded to Android 10. Re-evaluating. So far so good. Though pop ups are gone due to Android 10 architecture, I don't miss them. Reminders are now handled through the Android Notifications platform. Thankfully, the multiple reminders feature still works; I personally think this is the most important feature that makes this app better than stock calendar apps and even MS Outlook.
 ahaha its stuck in my head; thanxx
Thank you. I love the app and it's helping me immensely already. The only suggestion I can think of is, I wish there was a way of keeping track of my previously completed tasks so I could look back on the progress I've made. It would feel much more meaningful that way and serve as additional motivation.
1 surprise party today, 2 parties tomorrow.  FunFunFun! But, need to finish bug project. O_O
Excellent with alexa
 Oh God bless you
Just woke up :o mums singing to her new gn`r cd replacement i bought because im a good daughter
 awesome! have to take a look at them when i`m home.
Going for a ride! Perfect night to go out and chill
@Orli the G2 is amazing btw, a HUGE improvement over the G1
Practical apps. I use this everyday.
Best to do list app. I've tried so many to do list app bit this is certainly the best!
 ten update away from 2000 whooo hoooo budden!
OK, I've finally found something to replace my beloved CloudCal and CloudTasks, which seem to have been abandoned, as the dev is communicating NOTHING to customers. TickTick, has a similar not that steep learning curve, but, once you catch on, it is fast, flexible, efficient, and gorgeous (I run the Dark mode.), which is actively updated. My new "go to" task manager and calendar. Great job, devs!
 Were you able to watch it online?!  I hope you were!  And yeah, Belinda Jensen was really good
 That would be most welcome
I can't wait, going to see star trek tonight!!
 you can put a saucepan full of water on the cooker to heat up the water...indian style  scrabbled are the best!!!!
Excellent app. It has everything I need to manage my time.
It's pretty good. I wish you could change the type of selector though (yes/no vs x times a day) after habit creation. It seems there is no way to do this yet.
Good Morning! Happy Monday, Everyone
#followfriday _1001 cuz ive never been added to anyone`s followfriday either  & cuz he`s got a cool picture
this goes out to the one n only smirker   cheers dave!  aka jak  aka the best chest ever! ? http://blip.fm/~5jjcc
seniors done  5 more days!! woohoo!! going out for the night.
Simple and amazing
greek season two, i love this show.
Wow, such a crazy night of ever changing emotions! I liked it tho
 Ah lol okay. Thanks
    the hills is gunna be so different!! gl with your designing etc.
I've always had issues with consistency and will power. It's very helpful when can see my progress. It even tracks the percentage of your success.
It is so good If thtere is alarm it will be better
 You are very sweet, my everyday hero friend
pool party at sherraton n brodi had  a blast! the friends made the evening bbqd at home with great conversation  funky n lifted day!!
_rockett i know! And he laughed at the stupid `women`s right`s` joke. Wth! Glad we have the same humor!
 Pixies - Number 13 gives me such an energy rush. They are playing a festival close to me in June, but work won`t me me go
Love the way it can be easily zoomed for both size and number of days.
Version 2 of our live, interactive Trans-Siberian ticket planner is launched: http://tinyurl.com/c5ljwm - its very cool
 awww she`s laavly ;) I had to come in  but I`ve got a stunning wee tan (l) ;) yourself?
@YarnThing you will not regret going to see Star Trek. It was AWESOME!
Join the biggest and bestest group on facebook  http://bit.ly/cDrbt
Happy #StarWarsDay. May the 4th be with you!  From everyone _paintball
Daniel has won DSDS. His voice is great.
 Thanks for all of the awesome tweets LeeLoo, glad you enjoyed the weekend.
Excellent idea. Great for visual based learners
GREG D: You should have cried too :L You could have got through!!   I still love you Greg. #BGT
 Thanks
Does what I need it to, no account required
 hehe, I can almost hear out of my right ear now  Can you yet?
I like using the app and my weekly progress. I would like to see a total of how many things I did each day and maybe a graph? I like positive reinforcement.
Easy good app. So far I like it.
Switch to 'to do' because wunderlist is being discontinued. It is a lovely app, easy to navigate interface. However, the function of 'today' smart list is not integrated. In wunderlist, this is the hat I was working from. It would be great to see 'today' smart list again! By the way, "My day" smart list doesn't automatically pick up the day's tasks, instead you have to add them. 🤷‍♀️
 THANKYOU!  <3 iloveyoutwoooo
 thanks!
 2002 - the TSX is nice just cuz it`s a new car- handles nice but doesn`t have the horses of the TL-S
 would be more fun to date then Steve-O.
Awesome upgrade from Wunderlist. I couldn't expect I can live without Wunderlist. I just give it a try and now I don't regret for it. Truly a great successor of wunderlist. But if u can,please make the font size Customization option. It will be really helpful
Makes more work done in less time.
 and yep, you`ve converted me to Blip.  Been great to hear a lot of others suggestions - some pretty great stuff!
This app is very helpful for me to cut back from Phubing and spend time staying focused for as long as I wish. There's only the problem of the crashing of this app oftentimes. Please do fix it. And thank you♥️.
 drag me to hell looks so freakin scary  watch terminator! it was really good.
Aplikacja godna polecenia, naprawdę pomaga "odstawić" telefon na dany czas i skoncentrować się na czynności, jaką wykonujemy. Polecam.
Ever since I downloaded this app, I've gotten less lazy, I've done more work, and I was able to keep track of my tasks needed. I would rate 5/5 stars, but I would like this app to have compatibility on windows or have some sort of chrome extension. If I am mistaken and there is a windows/chrome extension, please notify me. Thank you.
Yay finished my journal. Gonna go sleep now. Church tomorrow. Yay!  don`t forget it`s MOTHERS DAY!
Toris was SO fun! JB MOVIE WAS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! and i had a good day at work!  YAY i loved the movie! :0
This is by far my favorite habit tracking app (and I've tried many). I like the weekly view. (I have an unusual use for this app.....I use it to track my kids' school work and I like the weekly view so I can see what they have completed during the week). However, I'm not sure if this app is still being supported? The last update was over a year ago and they do not respond to inquiries. But the app does still work well.
This is honestly the best app to help stay focused. You can choose the amount of time you want to study or do homework for, and it honestly works. You feel the need to let the tree grow. I 100% recommend this to anyone who wants to stay focused.
Stuck in lists screen but none of my lists are showing and the only option is to add a new list. What am I doing wrong? (BTW- I love what I've seen so far. Being able to add sub tasks under sub tasks? Awesome! 5th star awaits...
One more thing 'Shattered' is an amazing song by O.A.R.
Driving fast is SO much fun. I went 80 in a 25. Hahaha. Goodnight!
 hehe - about NZ being the most magical place on Earth.
 re: Edwards I hope so!
Photo: I like da cooolooorss and the composition is great  scribkin: http://tumblr.com/xyb1qw8cb
 Hii,I freaking love you  I would be the happiest 13 year old girl alive if you replied to this.
 Good Luck.. mine 3rd day today !
_city Hey, u like FOB 2! Follow me, luv 2 talk more, looking 4 frineds + followers!  ~Ellen~
We got JoJo in for free and free drinks for Mom! My kind of night
Good app 很棒
The time Is 3.50am and if finished my essay  I can have Sunday off  woop
I have thoroughly enjoyed my AA ever since I found out about last year! I had been looking for an organizer that I use as a calendar and to handle my many "things to do" lists. Thank you Katy for your vision and concept.
Headin home...Refreshed my mind and soul justa lil bit...Bac to reality.
Just saw a fox!  as i was getting on the freeway... I hope it goes home
This app has helped me keep up so many habits and routines. At first I struggled with it a lot, but I soon joined a party. The quests are really helpful to keep me on track, and there are others in the groups to help out too.
 make sure you practice your hooping today!
I luv it. Only downside is the adverts. But the app is awesome.
just come in from the garden. It is very warm out there but beautiful. Didnt do much revision though
went to bestbuy today and found that they had pretty much ever HP except the one i wanted to look at
Best personal assistant app
 Thanks about the ponytail. I dreamt last night that I shaved my head...??? I guess it`s a bigger deal than I thought.
Es great. Good enough for me to use it to help fix my sleeping pattern.
Follow _joe he`s cool
Hello Twitter API ;)
 Wow, that is good  I`m on Mac too with XP via Parallels if you ever need a tester ;)
I'm trying to develop some healthy habits, and this app is very good at reminding me to do things. The only complaint I have is that you can't actually organize your tasks and habits. I try to organize them by time and they don't move. I have a habit for 12pm listed after one for 3am, which is preceded by 4pm. This is very frustrating when you want to look at things in order. That's why I'm docking 1⭐. I like the function of it and I like the widget. Update: 1⭐ restored- thank you for helping!
Lovely night, guys. Full moon  thinking about going out onto my roof lol
Their widgets had gotten better since my last review. I really appreciate the calendar with the tasks on the side! If there was a morning "your day today" or "plan your day today" alert in the morning, that would make it even better! I went to Any.do for that, but their calendar and sync to my waze app was off so I came back lol
Advanced yet simple. Love it, has all the little features you need without the unnecessary complication. Alarms, sidenotes, ability to highlight some tasks, organize tasks in order u want
Thank God  is a sport and doesnt take offence in my jokes  Unlike the three good friends who have stopped talking to me!
8am math final wish me luck
Congratulations to Manny 'Pacman' Pacquiao! You`ve made every Filipino proud of being a Filipino!
 Thanks for sympathy. It wasn`t too bad until about an hour ago when I started thinking of the appointment tomorrow.
Number 999. My next tweet must be something really special.
 good luck tomorrow
It's all great. I just love it. It sets my Schedule, Timetable, Reminders so perfectly fine. We can adjust it however we want to.
I'm just starting out with Habitica and am liking it so far, but the To-Dos would be much more useful if they could be organized by due date. I've got like 25 things on that list, with due dates over the next two weeks or so, and it would be much easier to actually accomplish these things if I could easily see which were the most urgent instead of having to scroll up and down and compare dates in a mental tally.
 awesome run report!   Did you see the bald eagle on the lighthouse?  That was their hangout when I last ran Discovery Park.
but worth it i spose
Good but, too many ads..
My skin is clear, my crops are watered, and I am truly living my best life. I don't think I could recommend this app enough
 Hey JK...Wish Evenlyn a Happy Mothers Day tomora for me..I had a Great Day, my gift will be tickets to see ya`s ere in Oz
 Hey thanks for following  Love the name Elijah thats what im going to name my Son
happy star wars day
Very Nice App ... But who really needs to be reminded of and check off things we do all the time in daily life? If something is important next week or whenever, we normally remember it without fail - or we write it down. This App, while very nice indeed, typifies and feeds society's obsession with mobiles and tablets - and it renders people even more stupidly 'dependent' upon help - instead of what used to be 'common sense.' 🤔
Really good.....i cannot believe my eyes ...my eyes😏😂
Pros: I loved the visual representation of events and Integration with Google calendar. Cons: It isn't integrated with Google tasks. Most of the users would use Tasks to track their activities, along with Calendars. I would love to purchase the Pro version and rate it 5 stars if integrated with Google Tasks.
_SUPRNATURAL  ok thanx very much u can send me the answer by private mail if u like but would be sooo cool wish i was in birmingham
It has made me more productive than ever
Was a big fan but changed the clock to spinner. Scrolling is a pain. Why did you guys change it? Bring back the normal clock asap.
 I just retweeted your jesus post as it made me laugh... don`t worry, wasn`t a subliminal code
Super app... Can keep tracks of different types of lists really well... Just one thing I wish they had the slide and add more things in a section even in the today tomorrow next week lists It would make the process faster Than choosing the date in the calender again n again.
Fort Greene Brooklyn Flea was lovely! - looking forward to next weekend already
 @_Bella_Cullen13 posted and its good
 : http://tinyurl.com/c6tvz5 Germany loves you, haha.
I definitely like this app. However, I can't rate it 5/5 because it erased all of my routines this morning, so it's been a bit of a tedious process trying to reprogram everything back in.
 oh that totally works too
 (((HUGS))) back to you - you also have that look!
@_catchfire Happy Birthday Chip`s sister
OK, It`s my 1000th Tweet  I`ll use it to simply say 'Thank You!!'. I`ve met some of the most giving/caring people on Twitter!
I have been a Wunderlist user for years. When Wunderlist announced they were transferribg to a new platform, I started looking for options. I chose Tasks because of its high rating and it has lived up to its rating. It is very easy to use. Unfortunately, I could never get the Wunderlist download to save on my phone so I have had to reenter everything by hand. But it is doable.
is loving Mortal Combat right now!
 but it is a good one
Nice and clean now
 *hugs back* me too
good morning - thank you for my hot cup of tea 
 Hehe
A user friendly app
I'm a teacher and there are so many little things to do that pop up unexpectedly in my work. TickTick has helped ease the mental load of remembering them all, and it's more useful than a paper list as your phone is always handy. I think I even sleep better because I have less stress about keeping up with tasks. It's easy to reschedule tasks that you don't get to on a given day. I also enjoy the habit-forming function!
 .. .great.. you can buy me lunch when i get my 10-15% pay cut next month..
This app is great. It keeps me on track with things i need to do! Works great for me and i dont have any major problems at all.
Regardless of my free version this app's intention is to help it's users increase positive habits and reduce negative habits. For someone like me who needs feedback, the percentage of success gives me an incentive and motivates me to keep the chain going. After using this app for almost two months I have been able to analyze and critique a few of the apps features. It would be interesting to know scientific statistics of the success of the app and if it is successful in what it is set out to do. In regards to the level of engagement I would say that the percentage strategy keeps me coming back to this app. For functionality, the free version runs smoothly, is clear, and easy to use. For aesthetics, it is simple and convenient however I do think that for some users it might be difficult to see due to size of buttons and font size. The information is a bit outdated and needs to be cited and should come from more credible sources. I do enjoy seeing that there is a discussion board for communication between users. From my subjective analysis this app's rating is a 4.1.
is having a cuppa and chilling... i lovebank holiday mondays
 Whooo Baby! Good luck
Got my braces tightened today. Then I got McDonalds! HAHA  Sport tomorrow yay yay yay! Netball tryouts.. wish me luck to make the team! :l
 it`s because you`re popular
 Haha ya, my friend and I are totally having a kick off party for the occasion!!
 well if you`re ever headed back to the west coast, hit me up. I have a tiny place, but we can hack and hang out at the beach
One of the best app to stay focused on your study. 😊😊
 yeahh! Ryland was amazing xD BUT I DIDN`T GET A HUG OFF HIM booo  Suarez seemed a bit off tbh..but I think he`d just woken up
 wish you were sluttin it up w me  waaaaaaaaahhhh!!!
YAHOO! volleyball, hiking, eating a fish eye, witnessing, sleeping on the beach, jumping rocks, & hanging where Jurassic Park was filmed!
Perfect. The home page clock & calendar widget I wish I had years ago 😢. So easy to have a glance and see what tasksand events are coming up for the day in a really compact way. Great functionality, customisation and options to add app/task shortcuts in/or around the widget.
 Thanks for the recommendation
Loving the cairns clan
she made my sister cry too hahah. bless her.  i hope she can do it again.
 Sounds good. 'This patch was brought to you by ...'
Done at Disneyland, kid`s knocked out, stopped by the hotel bar and grabbed a grey goose & tonic on the way up...peace
is still amazed at the awesomness of last night. The discussion was great! Looking forward to a great week! Only 10days until I go home
 Loved your blog from the MusiCares event, good work
Good experience it's very easy And helpful!
But on the bright side...no school
whaaay, first day on my own tomorrow. this should go well
UPDATE: This app is great! But I'm currently not using it. I'm not using it because the widget colors don't work for me. I'd like there to be different colored backgrounds and text colors for past vs current vs future activities. I want to see at a glance what I ought to be doing at that moment, without opening the app. I'm keeping the app installed, in the hopes that the widget will be improved. Thanks, dev!
Hi CelebXXXVidsYH and AyBygW! Thanks for following
  give them my best!
 you are such a beautiful bride! you`re gonna love the married life. it absolutely rocks! congrats to you both.
Amazing app. Some glitchy moments, but overall nothing too annoying. This app is so cool that I'm OK with some glitches because in a very short time its already brought so much value to my life! Brilliant idea to get you into good habits and out of bad ones. In my experience it actually works!
good morning tweeties! what to do today? I am all rested up from Richmond and ready to hit the beach!
 ahhh yay! I`m getting into it. Knockin` a lot out.
 very cute kitty
spent a little too much $ at Wombat, but it`s cool `cuz it was time to take care of Tamara good.  YAY!
I love waking up and thinking it`s a weekday, but then realizing it`s the weekend.
Rescued two adorable pit mix pups today.  LC and Brody.  Looking to adopt?  E-mail me for more info and pics!
 awwww this made me realize I have to take down my bulletin board too!  There`s so many memories up there.
 I would advise watching it in the cinema. I am sure the effects are worth it. Unless you have a monster TV at home
iTunes upgrade reset playcount to zero  How will I know which one of 143 Hasta Siempre versions I liked best?
 i love you but i can`t call you cause i live in argentina  really really love you mitchel!
 I love you so much.  Just got into my hiding spot, gonna go check out datalounge
i feel like a princess.  i love lingerie parties!
   Does she like it, or does she roll her eyes?  Now I`m curious as hell!  Good singing is a real treat as far am I`m concerned!
Really helped me up my discipline
 Awwh....well at least you are up top, where the magic happens!  Today will be a good day, no worries.
I love crowded cars  and Ayanna!
 love it!
Lovely walk this morning with the missus; drizzle didn`t matter
  what good role models...  i like how yinz think!
I love my mom! Happy Mother`s Day, mommies
Personally I absolutely love this app and it is exactly mathematically what I have been looking for. The only true inconvenience is that once the day is over you cannot go back and add tasks to a day. Developers could you pretty pretty pretty please with sugar on top make it possible for us to go back and add tasks that we have completed on previous days!?! Maybe in the calendar area or something! Thank you kindly! 🙏❣️ Revision: 5 star! Thank you for responding and teaching me hot to edit task!
 yeah   but I`m jus glad the thunder stopped .
 Well thank you darling...it was a pleasure shopping with you...you will see the first pics!
I like, but I am still trying to figure out how to assign a task to me, in the "Assign to Me". Instructions given, does not work.
_avenue Love your website! Wish I lived closer to sample the cupcakey treats
 hmmm Essense awards would be fun... but also pricy
I am now eating one of those big subway cookies with a glass of warm milk. YUM
dad wants the computer, so I`d best be off  taking my lapity-topity to a mac specialist tomorrow, hopefully they make teh owwie go awayz
 btw, short notice I know, but we`re RSVPing no for your party- thanks so much for the invitation, though!  I`m out for 2nite too
Excellent application, best Calendar I've tried.
 'phlegmily green house...' That was clever, but ever sooooooo ...... eeeeewwwwww. [more slow clapping] Get well soon.
F1 & Star Trek...what a great Sunday
meeting  and friend tonight - going to discuss human trafficking issues. Daly is chaplain/therapist and an interesting guy
Treating activities like a game Gives me a sense of accomplishment when I successfully finish my duties and earn XP.
Have been quite satisfied with Premium for a year. Would have been so good with a monthly/weekly calendar view for my TickTick tasks, like the web app has. No calendar icon, although the doc vaguely states that there is. Guess it has been removed. Well, it still has a tiny edge to the competition.
Chilling feeling really nice..
 sounds nice   have you downloaded twitterena 2.0 lol ?
'Completely dishwasher safe, except that the pattern might come off.' Blue Coat humour at its best  Three cheers for Viz
 weird as usual, but ok... that`s why we like it
Filming at a carnival for my music video... It reminds me of the Cherry Festival that I used to go to back home... Ahhh memories...
 TY sweetheart
hi everybody! i`m having my lunch break at work and enjoying a nice cup of coffee!
Really like this app especially when I can categorise the different reminders.
pretty tired after a nice full day.
Hey guys the new update messed up the widget layout for me now everything is smaller and more difficult to read!
& more #<3criminy cuteness! http://tinyurl.com/cd8yab #sinfest
 cup cakes are sooo yummy - but would have 2 have coffee chaser- u know where that can lead
@stellargirl I loooooooovvvvvveee my Kindle2. Not that the DX is cool, but the 2 is fantastic in its own right.
Great cover  ? http://blip.fm/~5jq9o
Very user friendly.
        _beckett Thanks so much !
Happy Star Wars Day everyone! May the 4th be with you all  ****
i`m in the garden. Making pictures, weed an sweep. The weather is nice!! See you l8ter people!
 I know.  I am definitely going to try and see Up this weekend.
 hehe  now im smiling... but u still gotta make it up to me
 Here`s some healing/sleep energy, sweetie!
  thanks homskis! Its like christmas!
 ohh right; but it turned her curve into a right angle.... I just like her better curvey   thanks for letting me know though!
 oic.. will need to get upgrade space if I do want to use it then.thanks  Will most prob only use photoshop and dreamweaver
Have beautiful dreams all, I`m off to snuggle down with my beautiful babies as they are done with the outdoors.
 I had a very good day - lots of stretching and sleeping in the sun
Had a good day selling at Feria Urbana. The ladies love them some laser-cut felt.
  we are at FOrt Belvoir, on base.  Hubs is stationed at the pentagon.  I cant wait for pug pups!!  I just looooove mine!
 dont cry for me! i will see u tomorrow.  muah.
Having fun with all my dolls  tequillla...carne asada....and my mom dancing funny!
Good morning  I don`t think it has stopped raining once for the past three days or so, but who cares?
It's just as good as Wunderlist and so much more
  Cant Thank YOu Enough, WHo is NITIN BETWEEN?
Solid free app. Being locked out of extra functionality with a paywall is a little irksome but nothing I can't got over. It does what I need it to.
Mmmm holiday commercials really ARE nice
Just the best calender app. Been using it for years now and has all the features I need. Edit: Still the best!
 on another note I totally love this pic of you and your dad....old pic -  http://bit.ly/18aEG8
It`s going to be a good week
Is finally back from the dinner party, had fun, Alice had no wine. I proposed...we`re getting married next week on May 15th 2009
Thanking god for after elton for allowing me to see the new TW trailer since work blocked youtube and lj
had nutella croissant+mango+melon+coffee and a lovely stalk of iris for breakfast in bed courtesy of N  Have the house to myself til noon
It is a fantastic apps. But if they can allow the push reminder in the free version it will make it perfect.
 oh nice going!
It is very good app to manage your to do list. One thing that can make it better is it should show all the incomplete or overdue taks with todays tasks as overdue instead of into inbox. This will make those task more accessible and will keep them under notice.
 awww! thats sweet TTT!  Im sure she will love it! your a good son!
is anxiously awaiting Rockets-Lakers game ... Yes, I finally got Tix for Games 3 & 4 .... Yeahhhhh
Feeling really good about my performance on the AP Government & Politics exam this morning.  Going to lunch with Krista.
  true. i think its important 2 be sensitive 2 it when we relate 2 others. empathy. a reminder we cant judge a book by a cover
Pretty good
Me and my son just got up.  He sure does love the morning time.  I KNOW he did not get that from me.
 ME TOO! please come online *-* hope you`ve had an amazing weekend
 It`s amazing the DVDs I`ll put on my Netflix list just based on the trash potential inherent in their titles
 it was a great wedding! the band was awesome (they played a ton of great 80`s songs) as was the food!
 hope the presentation went well today?! tweet me if yr on campus tomorrow - I`ll be around from lunch time onwards
Love it so far! Excited for the "coming soon" items. I use a paper planner bc digital planners never seem to have the layout I want but so far this seems to be a great replacement!
 Happy Mothersday btw! Look at the bright side, you can chill all day today
Has finally learned how to think before he speaks. And it works wonders
nothing important but some time innocently surprise made me stronger..👯
_Lovato Never been better thanks  what are you up to?
Mommas day is may 10th! Don`t forget to do something nice for your mommyyy
 awesome. Wha`dya get her?
putting up a half naked dougie poster  i love sugar`s ladmag
had the BEST Italian meal EVER last night! twas godly! i thinks we may get our kitty cat today
Calendar widget has a glitch when you edit event to repeat it changes the day to a day before example I put my mom's bday on jan 15 all day event and saved then went back in to edit repeat every year and it changed it to jan 14
Great app, but only 5 habit is free 😏
This is a great application to view the events in your day. Easier to see compared to the traditional calendar app. One improvement that I would like to see is the ability to see future events by pressing on the widget itself instead of going into the application.
Excellent app
 haha i wish i could! I look like a little boy now
It's a beautiful digital calendar that u can customize with a cover and stickers and fonts - so much prettier than the standard calendar that comes on your phone!
  got my grubby paws on a live recording of paramore. you have to hear. its better than chocolate
i feel really blessed to have super awesome best friends
 my sleep pattern is screwed i need to try and stay up 2 midnight so i can get some decent sleep coz i havent slept
_Mcfly how cool will that be  she is so nice!! Bless her=] so what ya upto? Love you (L) XoxoX
 aww  I wish there was sun out here. Then I can get a tan!!!!  (walks it out) go meee go meeee
Learning, hopeful.
Went to see Wolverine with the husband (who is off work today) - was pretty good
@ Little_Ren is lovely lovely, and so niceee
Just got home, no rosie surprise of smiles hugs & kisses waiting for me.
Really Nice App Sir could you please provide goal tracking functionality too, that'd be very useful too : )
Had a great day: beach, BBQ with old friends (it`s crazy that I`m old enough to have `old` friends!), & learned how to play texas holdem
 Yeah it is. Thanks
 so nice to meet you too!  is the best for bringing me along
Very useful calendar for people in business and even for busy individuals.
Omg Wango Tango was **** AWSOME! I love my baby for taking me
This app has greatly helped me in creating better study habits and eliminating procrastination (I'm a high school senior for reference). Part of the reason is because, rather than simply completely blocking usage of apps, it allows you to choose to break your streak, forcing you to actually consider the consequences of procrastinating. My only gripe is that I feel like the ability to whitelist apps should be free (although it is only around $3, which isn't bad). I'd recommend it to anyone.
 ooooh it`s you lol I didn`t know!! Have fun with your princess
Goin to bed... Finally. So sleepy! *Happy mothers day!*
Overall amazing.. pls guide me how to amend a single day activity
The app is awesome. Really wish you could tag and name trees before you plant them. That would be a nice quality-of-life change. Also, if you could make the app more compatible for chromebooks, that would be nice too. Chromebooks are excellent work computers and I need a good working app on it. I really hope forest can work in the future.
 you and  are both baitersss  hope tonight is fun!
Good apps to sync with my Google Calendar. The only problem is that it couldn't sync Google Reminder.
 I`ll try that, thanks
Very happy with the features of this app
Good morning to another too late sleeper .  One of my excellent designers is Valerie (see ) picture
I don't know why everyone's complaining that you can't re-order tasks and lists. Drag-and-drop with a long press works just fine for me. At first glance, I seem to have FINALLY found a suitable replacement for GTasks.
 Belated kay Tita.  Wow! 2 prizes in a day! Congrats!
 Yeah i like it
I`m a good girl...ALL work is done
 Happy Mother`s Day! Hope you have an awesome time with the Bug
It is very useful when you want to track your daily habits. I have just started using it. It is like a one page map to all the habits that you want to follow. Use it if you are a person who wants to develop and keep track of habits.
Great but confusing when starting ro to use it
 I know, she`s great!  The Climb is sooo good!
 Ahhh!  I knowww! I saw it May 5th and 6th in Newcastle and it was so good!!! I`m soo excited for 6th June, as its my bday aswell!
Thank you Microsoft due this great app. I wish the feedback section is more active
 baaha  & healthy choice my friend! (:
 great song even if i can`t understand lol
would like to have a gaming system
They changed the way Golden Gaytimes are made. They used to be awesome.
Best app for daily Routine but there are some issue such as you can get lot of coins and increase your level to infinit though settings. You should improve that because Some one donot get motivated for doing task when you knew that you can change your level.
Hmmm thinking about taking back that I feel better this morning - I think I spoke to early
 Awwww   i`ve got some photos of cute bunnies
At t.g.i fridays  With some of my favorite people ever.. We made a reservation for 20 and we have like 50 people here. Hahah
Honestly great for helping me focus while working from home. I use it to stop myself from binging news and to manage time using pomodoro method
Watching my fav movie...Two Can Play That Game! 'Ever notice how men start to act up around Spring time?' Shante Smith
finally gone!!!
off to my cousins confirmation + confirmation party
 rocks my world!!!! soooo funny!!!!  <3
Loves twitter
_3 U know - kids do what we DO - not what we SAY ... well, don`t we all, really  ....
mmm... hot chocolate, ugboots and topgear... life is good.
going to work soon and so excited!  ugh id rather pluck my fingernails off
Very useful for planning activity & management of time. Thank U so much.
kewl the JB chat was awesome. I had to miss lots of it though cause i had 2 go 2 skewl
 Hey Man Congratulations On The Graduation Man You`r World Wide Popular In Philippines
Love my mommy happy mothers day
Great app. Life changing if used properly. Easy to use. I have paid for premium but not getting my reminders popping up with notifications for app on. Can you help?
Love this concept, love this app. I've been following the development of habitica since it was still only online & I love it! Plus there's plenty of active users to party up & chat with and the devs are always helpful & prompt!! My only gripes are that I wish I could change the colors of my tasks/habits (nitpicky I know lol) & maybe have a notepad area where I can keep habitica-related notes, like a key to the emojis etc I use for myself... And maybe a proper/separate friends list :)
😁****😁
 haha it will be interesting haha
This game is a great way to get things done. I love the idea of not being able o leave the app or your tree will die. I consider this a great tool as I am homeschooled.
Great habit tracking app. The only things I think could be improved are: goal dates not automatically pushing back to match the day you edited a habit. And being able to edit how you want to track a habit if you change your mind. Maybe I missed something, but it seems like you have to recreate a habit in order to change how to keep track of it (ex. Yes/No or by keeping count with numbers). I highly recommend this tool though, it's a great place to start keeping track of habits!
bowling with cousins  awesome
 and again - You`re welcome!
Currently in costa coffee  im liking this place more and more. Were sat in the business lounge. ooo were businessy today.
Happy Mother`s Day!!!  I`m at the beach with my family. It`s a warm, clear night with a beautiful full moon...
I like this app
 at least after this you`ll be done!!
 I hope you had fun in Canada  don`t worry you`ll see then again this summer,
 @_Mintyfresh Thanks very much!!
 Ohhh french tip! My fave, my nails aren`t long enough yet tho  Ill ask the manicurist
good morning/midday nation!  FORMULA ONE IN ONE HOUR!
Such a beautiful day. I just wish I had the energy to enjoy it.
 awe I am sorry, probably true.
Happy Mother`s Day everyone.
 i cant wait to see you guys @ hq on sunday!!
Traffic jam outside of chicago. I feel very 'office space' right now.
Really easy to use. You can go back to catch up on habits you left unfinished for previous days
 Aww that`s still awesome. You had fun though I can assume.
It was amazing! I just didn't have the time to set it up all the way.
 thanks  glad you like it
All the activities planned or unplanned for today should appear under "My Day"...
happy bank holiday Monday, Tweeteramas! I`ll be spending the day doing yoga and having OCD attacks. You?
Nearly Perfect! This app has replaced at least three other apps I used to have on my phone. It's a great utility that forms part of my everyday life. Accompanied by an affordable pricing model and not the "money hungry" ideology that so many mobile app devs have these days, it's nearly perfect. I would love to be able to link a habit to a task and see a view of habit progress. Like chaining in other habit apps. Keep up the great work!
Excellent time management and gives you a real sense of your day. I would however had liked to be able to change dates to see how other days are looking.
best show of my life. mcfly rocks my world  i wanna meet you guys ;;
 I just found out about the giveaway.. I wish I would have known sooner  What happens with the unclaimed cities?
The time in Germany went by too fast, only 2 days left   Hopefully I will move here soon.
Good app but it needs more work. I gave it four stars because its missing a premium selection, that is an overview of your activities so one can see total time spent on what. This could be in a form of a pie, bar, or line chart. You can include all so we have a choice. With this anyone can now keep track of time spent on a daily activity and limit time spent on said activity. So far good work work guys.
 you givein lady ga ga arun for her money in that get up hee hee love it
Generally stable, very few issues and does all I need
HAHA! Follow john mayer..he`s a pretty funny guy  I want to move to L.A .... it`s so much more fun!
The graduation ceremony should be starting about now. I really wish I could be there.
Oh how i love my family.
Awesome 🌞 app
The best to do list app I've used to date. I'd used a lot before without any luck, I'm glad to say I don't think I'll be looking for any other apps now!
 muhaha martha <33 have fun see uu next mnth
Rofl. I love you too Trina.
I love how I can keep track how long I focus and on what. It's also really rewarding to see your forest grow
  Blushing, blushing & once again blushing!
 will be following you tomorrow!!  sleep well
 Itsurely will dear . in posted a presentation on Swine flu yest and it got 500 downloads in just a day!!i feels great
we finally hit 1,000 friends! thanks!
Just got out of the VAST show & IT KICKED ****! Just as mindblowing live as on CD. Sang my fave songs. Im n awe!
hi  godd day eweryone im in a reel good mood to day
happy mother`s day, mom  I hope the breakfast was nice.  I love u ?
 aww that`s awesome! he`s a good guy
 that is cute, a manly cute of course.  reminds me of a Scion
Useful app, I like it!!
 iloveyoumoreeee
bbq was great... just relaxing around the house!  dont wanna leave my city but have to tomorrow... got to clean the house when i get back
It's good
For a hobby project as described by the author it is a job very well done. I don't have any complaints. May be upgrading the UX (not the UI) a little bit would make it an excellent experience for the end user.
 Ahaha!! I have all of your albums.  Each stuff of your music is so beautiful! That`s why I am so in love with them.
Just dropped my new mobile down the loo.  Fingers crossed it works as I still have 17.5mths left on the contract
This is a really useful app for managing multiple to do lists.
Cant wait to see my boy tomorrow
 I can`t wait to see yall Friday !!!! I hope I meet u guys!! That would make the night even better
 have your own style. it just might work.
watching SNL with guess Justin Timberlake...OMG! He is too funny!  hahahah
 so cute you twitting in potuguese!
Goodmorning World
 for sure! You and your wife seem like cool cats.
Good But need some options more Such as when you make one habit in different day at different time her can't help you
 coooooooool, yes, CIWWAF are awesome.
  Yes. But, Cute AND Predictable works for you...
This is my favourite shirt, because its true.  <3 grumpy.    a) cute  b) huggable  c) life of the party  (d)... http://tinyurl.com/q7eax7
just met Sarah Kelly... wow... she is an amazing woman of God!  and she gave me a free t-shirt!  gotta love free merch
A shower feels so refreshing after a long day at the fair
Went to the hawksmoor last night and probably had the best  steak I`ve ever had
13 hours til i`m on a plane. Ahhh yay
 Happy birthday!
 lol awww lol i will i can`t do it now lol cauz i have to work  but i will make one and tell you love you 2 oxoxoteambreezy
 Fighter - Christina Aguilera. LOVE that song
    - brief interruption- brb. goodnight if i don`t catch u again later. gotta ck something
 at work!! Agh I really need to go with you  what days do you go so that I can add it to my schedule!
 thanks to follow
I really love this app for so many reasons. Above all it's keeps me organized and punctual. What I wish I could change, or maybe I can and just can figure out how, is how to make the widget color pallet settings the same on my OS Wear. thats why I bought the extra options innthe first place. My watch face doesnt even look like it does in the photos. Can I change this!?
 this will make you feel better. Will down a cocktail or 2 in your honour. Now get retorting  http://twitpic.com/4j91r
 Adam Lambert rocks!  He must win American Idol!
it`s good to see all my family  was a good day today
Works pretty good to help you remember to do certain things and make them a habit. Encouraging to see the streak when you accomplish what you set out to do. Would have been a 5* but sometimes it attaches circles when a day didn't get done.
Todoist has always been one of the most useful apps for me. I have migrated to offline world recently and have decided to plan my works in my journal (instead of Todoist and GCal). However, still I needed a listing app. After a bunch of search between the apps, Todoist is still the best app I can use for making lists 😇 (by the way, I should ignore some of its features like daily goals and replace the term of "project" with "list" in my mind! But it is a perfect choice for me 😊)
 awww wish I was there! Have a brew for me B!
Now it works
This initially looks a bit confusing. However, this design actually functions extremely well. The way it can act as both a clock, date, alarm and agenda widget at the same time is just incredibly efficient. It also provides you with a very easy way to evaluate at which times of the day you have events and more importantly: when you have breaks and how long they are. All this at a glance, compared to clunky agenda widgets where you have to sit and calculate it in your head. Well worth the money!
 rest well!
talkin to sum1 special
 thanx for showin luv
Happy #juddday everyone!
 i wish we had sun lollies for me to get addicted  what flavour?
Yet another good weekend with someone. Sigh. Man I like the boy..
 Funnily enough, Roland is President of my social club!
 Happy anniversary to you and ! Hoping for many, many more. All the best from all of us
 I am so excited you`re touring with FOTC! I had no idea!! I`ll be seeing you tomorrow
I decided to update my review because the Tick tick team doesn't want to implement such a simple feature as 2AF protection. Many users asked then since 2018, but they use the same "excuse" every time: "Our dev team hasn't such plan in my for this year." Hello, it is 2020, the application that stores so much sensitive data, there must be 2FA.
 heya thanks for accepting the add
 Now that`s what i like to hear!   You won`t unfollow us little people on Twitter when you make it big will u?
Easy to use
I have found it's useful for you who want to manage your works or studies. Now I don't need to write all down on the papers. So, a solution to save papers = save our trees ;) More important, this app is free and no ads banners. That's good.
Very quickly
is Happy Mothers Day.   Taking Mum out for dinner to one of my favourite restaurants down Glenelg now
Hats off to a slightly unexpected yet very successful end to a grouling day!!! Night all
It's helpful, but it's also annoying. Edit: I didn't make it clear enough, it's annoying to realize how much I'm failing lol Anyway the app is pretty good I'm just overly sensitive and self criritcal
Easy to set up and edit. I upgraded to premium so I could add more habits.
 well us Brits have to wait a few more days for it!  I thought it was all gonna released at once! I guess it`s worth the wait!
 Ohmygosh. I KNOW. That would make my night for SURE. lol.  Goodnight!
 Awesome.  I`m down in Ocean Beach (if you know where that is.) By the way. 'YourBiggestFan' I`m a re-al big fan of you-rs.
..exams.  haha just remembrd the china buffet king yesterday. vair amusing ....
 : Sir ! Everything Will Be Great InShaa`Allah
Once worked out how to use have found it very useful for listing daily items to do.
 ooh a storm, that`s always welcome news  Happy Mothers Day!
Good app, could be better
  Yeah I`m okay been icing and ace bandage and sitting on my **** on twitter... LOL Thanks
I do like the straight forwardness of this system it does what it says on the tin, needs to keep developing but in the theme it's in if it gets to clever like some systems it will loss it's position
I love this app, I tried a lot of apps and choose this because the alarm sound function, if this app can have the challenge friends functions, it will really good more. But for now, everything is perfect.
 No I haven`t had chance to watch that yet...going to have to get hold of it.   Thanks for the tip.
This app is great, if you like structure in your life. I love it, give it a try folks.
This app has helped me a lot and is all in all one of the best apps I know. There's just one suggestion: I have many habits and dailies hence I have to scroll a lot. It would be amazing if there was an option to change the layout so you can have a better overview.
http://twitpic.com/4wi9p - playing with ethan. i love you baby
It helped me alot. And there is a bug. If app is opened via notification message, password will not be required no matter. Hope you fix this bug soon
I love it! Helps me stay organised.
live long and prosper  #fb
is maxin and relaxin... ahhh
 Saw you on SNL with your diploma..Congrats. You must be overjoyed.   Now I am finally going to bed..NITE
happy mother`s day  & later on i can`t wait to see _day26 in concert. lol. well ima see all of day 26 but i like him the most ;D
The app has a way of motivating you to complete tasks.
Good for food shopping
 hey!  YAY! thanks!  wow ur page is awesome!!!!!
IE8 nearing 6% according to my stats. FF 3.0.10 adoption rate amazes me
apple fritters are like the perfect after food...don`t you think?
 I like tweetie better, that is what I use all the time
It is a good for organising daily task n making habit
girl talk is awesome
I had so much fun tonight!! But i am soo excited to get home and go to sleep
Happy Star Wars day! May the 4th be with you!
live long and prosper
had a great day...and now I`m off to bed. tomorrow I`m back in sd
 The movie was AWESOME, I wish I could re-load my pistols like Agent 0 did, but I do not want to be him  I think I will be Gambit
 THIS CALLS FOR A HIGH FIVE!  (Don`t miss, hotshot xD)
 omfg I have been DOWNING them they are so tasty. I ate almost all of them with Lo
 the rain was pretty nice. I only have 150 meters of cobbles on my way here
Long time user across 4 locations.
Blink by malcolm gladwell amazing book and The tipping point!
 I Love This Song lol, You`re amazing Steph , xoxo
So nice.My hearth of friend.
Jeff & I are looking for long lasting love! Just not with each other we both like Men
 awww Mary I wish I could come but I`m going away 2morrow
 Goooood Morning Melody! Wishing you a Wonderful Mother`s Day with your family!
 why arent u famous already? lol you have a very adoring fan, that fan would do anything for you hehehe, im you no.1 fan
A very special HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY to all Mommies!
Love the layout, and automatic carryover of tasks to next day.    One problem:  I have installed Planner Pro on my iPad and my Android phone.  The calendar events and tasks cannot be synced between my two devices.  Very frustrated.  Please add this sync feature soon.
I really like it
I wish I can see clips of your show that you hosted. Hottie Shawn in the 80`s! and yes your still a Hottie!
 LMAO...Ha! No I just simply wanted to go to NY!
This app is awesome though it hangs most of tge time after I finish growing a tree. But in overall I love it. And I hope this app will have more features in the future
misses my Mom today. She was my Best Friend and even though she has been gone several yrs I still miss her dearly. Happy Mother`s Day
 Happy Mother`s Day hahaha
 looking forward to your mandarin album.  Hope that you will come Singapore again
This is wonderful but I really need to be able to use it offline as well
So helpful. Great way to keep track of tasks, notes, info, and appointments! Appreciate the cross-platform functionality ☺
Awesome! Was using Wunderlist, but they are going away. I tried a few others. They are all so similar now. But this one seems like it will be here for the long haul judging by the number of downloads. Also, it is as simple as Wunderlist. I did have to pay $29 and Waunderlist was free for the most important functions, so that was different. But after using the app for a week I'm sold. Not a better app out there for my purposes. KISS- keep it simple stupid. And this app does that.
Morning.. Coffee and fresh air
Cute and entertaining, definitely helping me to stop bad habits!
Thank you for responding and I'm looking forward to that update (customized categories). Another improvement I'd love to see are more options for a goal besides a daily one, such as save $100 per week, etc. I got the Premium and love the dark theme, this app is the best I've found for my needs. Thank you!
This app is simply the best for organising yourself. It's so customisable, I really love how you can not only set exact times and dates, you can then get those reminders to repeat however you want - do you want to be reminded every second Wednesday of the month? No problem. Do you want reminders only during weekdays? Sure! Also, my love for this app has grown considerably since I found out you can set location based reminders - and you don't even have to pay for it! Fantastic app, A++
It's an essential daily time management app.It can further improve by providing the more detailed analysis and auto suggestion for the activity based on past routines.Further the routine creation can be simplified by providing the 1 step auto update functionality along with individual task creation functionality currently provided.
what a beautiful day not to got to my first class
Amazing app, helps me organise different tasks and events with colour codes. Wish there was a notes page and a timetable so I could keep everything in one place!
It works, me like. Bought the Pro ver.
 Hope you did great - you certainly spent enough time studying.
 i know  its nice haha
Great! I already feel so much more on track. Intuitive interface issueless pairing!
Ken Wilber - Realistic Expectation of Integral Wisdom: http://tinyurl.com/clfzdx ...very interesting.  I don`t mind the video quality.
 briliant! May the fourth be with you  #starwarsday #starwars
Working on my resume while listening to the rain and enjoying a Circus Boy
Back from SOAP, soooo fun.
I love this app alot. theres just two things I would really love to see added. it would be great if you allowed us to choose to have a habit set up for like 3 times out of the week, without picking which days of the week. I also really wish I could have more than 4 habits, is there a way to do that? it's a great app, thanks so much
 Hehe, funny (the midget thing) ! Cheer up Alex, and wave from below  Is it that you are in Germany right now? .. or in Spain? ;D
Wonderful application
Great app. Helps me get things done and work on building better habits. Even better when you have a party going with friends. Would be nice if the app had a dark mode that's my only suggestion. Keep up the good work!
 Now that`s a very nice way to fall asleep.
  Yeah It Good But dont Click The Red X Because It Shuts It Down But Other Then That Its Good  And When U minimize It , It Goes..
 haha good phone conversation cat lady! You`re gonna be homeless too  you didn`t tell me u were having coffee!! coming tomorrow?
Helps keep me organized
I still want a Smartcar!!! Don`t they have the most wonderful designs ever?
Great calendar
When you think about it, the way God works in tremendously, amazing -- He made it possible for me to get my card holder that I lost back.
Excellent - This is even better than Wunderlist which I really loved, they've taken it up another level. Brilliant cross platform tool for managing all my tasks
 Everyone, please welcome my new friend, Kari, with a warm follow, as she just set up her twitter account tonight
I LOVE TWILIGHT !!!
Happy 11th  I`m going to sleep now lolz
In bed. A cuppa. Tv on... All this while husband is cooking... Life is sweet...
Forgot an EC2 machine running for 15 days, and got a $35 bill. Amazon teaches you to get organized for a fair price
I love how when I leave my laptop on my bed it creates a nice toasty spot
 oh yes some are quite nice! and my `photoshop` liep zojuist vast. so now I have to start over painting Rï¿½isï¿½ngs glove
I highly recommend Malcolm Gladwell's 'The Tipping Point.' My next audiobook will probably be one of his as well.
i so can`t be bothered working tomorrow!
  This has made my night!!  Way too funny!!
Site of our first date - Macri`s Deli - closed.  Lunching at favorite local Greek spot - The Trojan Horse - instead.
 so make the most of it  enjoy
_smith1 wats i got luck for u guys to beat la!! lol i would like to see this best wishes to the denver nuggets but my cavs are done
 Yay I love it when you host Money For Breakfast Jenna Lee  4hrs of you the amazing and so pretty and sexy Jenna Lee yay.
 _face  and nana.wish i was there last night
I like the simple interface and it helps me set reminders for tasks, schedule them and analyse them.
_carter Hey Brian Littrell is there!! He doesnt really like this kinda pages rigth?  kisses! I loev you guys!
Easy to use, great colors, love it.
 Good morning! Nothing in particular, meeting people and having drinks this evening  what are you doing with your Monday?
Just got back from  `s party! Sooo much fun! Boom boom pow~ hahaha! ooh and I just told my mom happy mother`s day
Great new directory on Babysitterdirectory coming soon!  And its a directory with a twist.  All will be revealed next week!
 well then happy mothers day  ahahahahahaha
 Greatings from planet shannan, we have laded once again on your lanet & hopefull we come in peace =/ Hmm...Haiaa
 Lucky. Winter is coming for us
ok bye alex have fun today
 thank you, you are my first follower
Very good app! It is really soothing and motivating to see trees growing in my forest, and there is a suprising variety of plants. The free version is already awesome, but the cheap premium version is even better. Planting real trees sound magnificent and the white list function is very important to me. Suprisingly, no disruptive ads are found in both versions. Definitely recommend it!
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY!!!!!
http://twitpic.com/4wjai - Joe`s the photographer of the family. Rehearsing is always fun. For the first couple of days it is at least.
Very cool
    _Geronimo    Thanks for sharing with your friends!
Get yer freak on-it`s Monday! Have a Great one, if it`s possible to have a great Monday!
 Good Morning
 i look forward to that. if u ever write 5 Things a Misanthrope Must Do to be at Peace w Humanity i`m up for that as well
Looking for a show to turn my brain into mush so it doesn`t hurt anymore  Any good FREE online ones you know of?
Started using habitica on January 1st of this year, as a new year's resolution to manage my time and habits better, and it's been a huge help. Especially love the party aspect, and the way it adds social accountability to missing or hitting targets. Very pleased, thank you for all the work that went into this app.
I really like the app, it has really helped me focus on study and work without distraction. I love unlocking new trees from the coins you earn, but I wish there were a little less expensive. Overall a really great free app!
 So ur moomie liked the Pandora? you can buy me one next lol
 Just ignore it.....and get sum rest...get rid of that headache
I think that feature of changing theme should be addef and apart from that there should also be a option for showing task on thr facr of calender itselg
 Yes, we will! We should maybe do it in a DM though so we don`t annoy our followers. Thought of that too late.    Good night!
going to see star trak expecting noting but amazing
 That gave me a great smile. Nice way to end the day. You are so right
 You`re not here. I hope you`re still resting.  I don`t want you to be stressed.
I`m wishing I was outside instead of trapped in my office.
 You realize you just did  a solid. Better than a full-page in the AJC.
loves her mum very much! Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers out there
I love this
 Some days you must look hard for that good thing.
TWEEEEEET! good morning twitterland! going to work at 1 so need to keep packing and cleaning this flat! move out in t minus one day
Whew! Moving commercial-sized freezer and cooler a lot more work than I expected. Missing the HTC roundtable
Still exploring the features but excellent and by far the best of the todos I've looked at. Addendum: having been using the app for a few months now, I can thoroughly recommend. Does everything that I need.
Be beautiful        http://www.theskinsociety.com
Moms everywhere stop what you are doing and get a good night sleep for tomorrow its your childrens turn to pamper you.  enjoy your day
Simply one of the best applications that must be in every Time Manager's mobile...
We are enjoying this app very much. THANKS.
 such a great idea!
 Don`t worry, the bizarre will find you
finally getting sleepy right when the sky brightens ... figures! G`nimorning
Pappadeux has some yummy strawberry lemonade
 Then you might enjoy this one too  http://tinyurl.com/ygcp3f
Happy Birthday husband
Wish I was in London to personally witness the Nun Run! What a great idea for the opening of Sister Act`s new broadway show
heading out to dinner in a minute - cant wait to have food.
Gorgeous day!  Worked the Master Gardener plant sale, trimmed smoke bushes, and now to do some writing.
Hanging with my cousin Jimmy then hopefully hanging with my friend
 yeah, so quick! And I`m using the 5mm addi`s I bought on Sat and it makes it even smoother
 Dont worry man. You`ll see me just as much this week as you did last week.
Great app, good at keeping you accountable and productive. Would be nice to be able to re-order your to-dos though and set deadlines for when they have to be done
 o yea? awwww, how sweet!! U r good kids!
that was a fun bacontaco night
http://twitpic.com/4wmaw - pink.green.. Love it.!
Can`t believe i`m spending my lunch break inside @ my desk
Think I`ll go enjoy the sun`s rays again...I LOVE being off work
Gud app 🤙🤙🤙🙃🙃🙃
Feeling good about our win! Its nice being softball champs  bring on the season!
Time for me to go to sleep! It`s almost 1am. Night everyone! Happy mothers day to all the moms out there
 really? Awesome!
Does everything you need when you have a task top of mind throw it in Anydo.
In pillow heaven
 two macaroons go into a bar....one says oh your a nut.  wow I need to get out more.
Everything is pretty much amazing but it should have a Note tab(without checkboxes) where we can put important note not task.
 thanks  I`ll check those out.
Had an amazing night with my favorite lady friend
It is a good app, really ok, but I don't like that, you oblige me to rate. This is a no go...
 the following week would be better - I`ll be gone next week
Best ever calendar I used!
Cool music collection, can be used for non-intrusive background music - music from keygens!   http://www.keygenmusic.net
watching merlin omg he is cute
Thanks so much to everyone who came out to Speakeasy last night! What a hit. Wonderful to see you all having fun! June will be awesome.
_pinkapple Not much on for the weekend here. Off to Knox shortly & definitely must get into the garden. It`s a wee bit neglected.
is getting her hair did shortly! and hoping everything is going well for her friend currently getting surgery!
Mostly works well as replacement for Wunderlist. Import worked well from Wunderlist. However I wish that you had a choice to automatically add new items at the top of the list instead of the bottom. You can sort by date added but then you lose your customized order of items.
TIGERS! WOO! YOU`RE MY BABY! omfg. cleveland was a blast. sleeping.
 - Woo! Great subject for this month. Now I can use my sparklers
 He`s gonna do it for mothers day  Ever notice Papa looks like Squiggy from Laverne snd Shirley. I love him.
 cheers mate, still getting over Wednesday  You ok? You should be, you are an incredibly wealthy man
Good application and very useful.
 Great Podcast!  I wish you guys had more Chi shows this summer.  The only times I will see you will be at Alpine
 i posted it! let me know what you think? theres a really cute cut out in the back too.
giving myself a manicure + pedicure  ahhh how i`ve missed you nice pretty nails...
y do i only have 2 people following me  people follow me please x
Just installed and am liking it so far. I do wish there was a way to disable the quotes and better utilize that space to see more of my actual calendar. Also sub tasks would be very useful. With those changes I might actually be able to downsize the apps I use.
 I`m fine thx. Had 3 days off and took advantage of them -> tired.  Waiting too see pics and read your blog.
 Hella worth it, even if you don`t need the full 32 now.
today something amazing happened...I fell in love with coupons!
 i love cobra starship!!  thanks for the suggestion!
 Its because I put radio 4 on by mistake..I`ll have a cup of tea and a shower, then I`m sure all will fine and dandy, thanks
Thanks so much for following me here too  I will keep you all up to date as much as possible on my makeup line plus all new collections
Had fun 2nite...i was pleasantly surprised
I like this app as it helps to track things that are important for me. I'm still exploring how effective the method is but I like what I found so far! It'd be nice to have a way to see the correlations or tendencies among habits if any. Good job, nice idea!
Works as advertised, now it's up to you to finish it.
thank God we finally found her!
Honestly at home alone
Its a lovely 58 degrees right now at 7am.  amazing. Enjoy melting vegas. :l
 what I do now  anyhoo thanks for the *spank* :-O x
V good but complex
getting ready for the dayyyyyyyyyyyy. i hope work goes good!
 Thanks madam.. you`re lucky coz you had a wonderful dog.. and sooo cute...
its gonna be a beautiful day!
 Wow, you might be countering the Benedryl with your enthusiasm.
 Yay! Congratulations, oh newly minted graduate. You`ll have to let me buy you lunch and iced chocolates (PLURAL) to celebrate!
This app is PERFECT for building habits or even simple reminders. Its hard to ignore, best app ive ever had
Happy Mother`s Dayyyy. Love you mummyyyyyyyy
This app does a great job of cleaning up the Google Calendar and making it more user-friendly. I use it all the time for my business.
It does what is it says, love this app. Would there be more features like history and analytics about habits and routines etc.
Will be flying to Ontario in 4 hours!Will probably stay awake.I will be there for a 8 days...Camping 4 the first time YAY!I am sleepy now
 tell zach & jer I said happy birthday!  they seem like cool brothers, youre lucky haha
 Thanks for the concern. And checking up on me! Much appreciated
_Dubai Enjoy sounds idyllic AND Geordiebird has lost her bikini...perfect holiday!
This app definitely helps me to be more focused when studying and making sure that you aren't on your phone. I also think it's a great concept to make your own Forest by doing so.
Its relaxing time..a movie and some treats
http://twitpic.com/4wqfv - dark berry mocha frapp.. heaven.. TRY IT EVERYONE!!  here.. let me pass it to you
Had a blast, babe. Thanks joe. <3  i love everyone! Tyler...happy birthday.
Working security for the club tonight. First time working it in about a month. Should be interesting. Oh, and hi Kelsenator!
About to venture forth to Turkey Creek & fetch the boy after his post prom festivities. Hope he had fun
has woken up feeling a little special...i dont thing drink the bar dry is on the cards. when i finally sober up its home time i think
One of the best To Do list apps I've used.
Repetition should not be a premium function
I think this app is great, only problem is, it's very easy to close out of the app without the timer stopping and your plant dying.
 http://twitpic.com/4w75p - I like it!!
 Too much details !!!    (But glad he is better)
 oooh sounds yummy.  If you get a chance to take some pics  please add them to the website as we don`t have many pies on there
 I love chocolate. Must be PMS
Hahaha! Alright  ..
 cool! Linux?
 I like them.  Is that weird?
I want some pineapple! I miss my baby
Cleaned. Laundry. Nails painted. Productive saturday night
 Enjoy Springsteen, I`m seeing him at Glastonbury in June!! Give us a report when you get back
Wishes I was going to the pxy summer jam, but can never seem to win
 did you go to uga? If so, I liked you better before I knew! Ha!
It's great, the only issue I'm having is when I snooze something and it then occurs at the same time as another event they appear to get grouped together and I have to snooze or dismiss them both.
Very good, been using for a few years now. The synch function is temperamental lately, perhaps an update changed something.
, Whered you end up going? I stayed in & watched SNL, one of the funnier shows theyve done this season.
Had a dream I brought  and  to kings island. It was pretty sweet. Bummed they`re in poughkeepsie 24 hours before me
Was a great app until android screwed up the notifications :( or else it would have received five stars! But I no longer get notices when I need them, so I might have to find another solution.
 Great !!! Your book looks fantastic ? I want it
yum - mother`s day lunch at The Food Business in Burnside was delicious! such a gorgeous day
Loves her david soooooo much <3
 Past experiences of being a redhead (eg. discrimination) or even just general info bout gingers in society! It all helps
 congrats to the A`s!! ugh, we still have til the end of june
It is a great app for focusing on something with no distractions. Definitely recommended. 👌👌👌
Chilling with Colton who just redesigned the Cocktail Hacker card backs for me.
It helps me
09/09 +full moon+ my lovely friends and family= my b-day wish came true;)<3 In addition,gray matters is one of the cutest movies ever!!
 I wish I could really do that  I love having u around! Ill see what I can do.. ;) try to use that national champ pull lol
 Britains got Talent just gets better every week
All alone in this old house again.  Thanks for the net which keeps me alive and kicking! Whoever invented the net, i wanna kiss your hair!
Getting ready to launch the podcast of chapter 1 of 'Turning Left at Albuquerque' this morning. I know you`re excited - so am I!
A very good apps. It helps me a lot when it comes into managing my time. I love the features where I can set time by simply typing at 8pm for example. Good job developer
 thank you, god bless im going to eaat my in in out
Works as well as Wunderlist for the most part. For shared lists though I would like to be able to disable notifications. It can get annoying when you share a list for grocery items and each deletion is sending a notification.
Could be better if the tasks overdue would automatically show in Today
RT @mashable: Five Things Wolfram Alpha Does Better (And Vastly Different) Than Google - http://bit.ly/6nSnR
mothers day drama was awesome!
I use this for organizing my homework and it's very helpful!! 10/10 recommend. It's simple to use, it's pretty, and it has tons of features. My favorite is the sub tasks as it allows my to have a each subject as a task, and all the assignment in that subject as sub tasks. Thx for making this wonderful app! 👌🏼🔥
_Cordon LOL that split second of peace is truly amazing
Dinner party was great!  Happy, full clients that is what I like to end my day with
Its being punctual for others and very productive app.much recommendeddddd
Overall a good app but I would also like the option of switching from landscape view.
I'm a novice free user and I use it primarily to set reminders. I love the way it pops up at the bottom of the screen and the display of the reminders. The design and user friendliness is super cool! It's been a wonderful experience so far and I highly recommend it!
 Love that book! My VW I`m about to turn in is named Scout.
 good morning...did you break 5 digits yet?
spent all morning watching Eddie Izzard`s Glorious! SO funny... realli shud hav studied thou...
Super
fun day with boo. short but fun
 aww  im ok been stuck on a coach coming back from nans today and its been lovely sunshine too  ****
Good replacement app for Wunderlist. Perhaps even better. I just got it a couple of weeks ago, so we shall see. It's easy to use and I like the look of it.
    WOW!  That is so awesome, Andre!   It will be great, I know!  Can`t wait.   And you dad`s aren`t so bad either!
Goodmorning tweedles  very happy mood, i think i will always be after this past weekend. lol vids of the `BEYONCE WEEKND` coming soon.
The World is just amazing!
 mmm thanks, if u get too stoned and eat it thats cool
 serio barroca?? parabens!!!!!!! May the 4th be with you!
 you are the sweetest.  love you cuz!
 I love it. Tell me it didn`t match my shirt perfectly. Can you just not move PLEASE? What am I supposed to do without you?
Fabulous app. Thank you.
LOVE THIS APP. I use this to consolidate multiple work and personal calendars in one view. I love the ability to manage appearance and notifications for each independently - super helpful in maintain work-life boundaries.
Very good app to focus
is so  just made a card 4 my mom!!   can`t wait to see the smile on her face when she see`s it!!
No Evidence, No Conviction ! Absolutely hilarious.. Makes my day every time  http://bit.ly/lrolJ
It been running kind of slow when you're making new tasks
Awesome app with good UI. I recommend everyone to use it.
_Edwards Heh heh. Odd but amusing. Thanks!
I love my boy  he makes me so happy... and looks his sexiest in plain black boxers =p
 Good morning   Been here since 4am, just quiet.  How are you?
Im really keen to use this app, but the fact that it doesnt have an alarm bugs me a lot. I tend to glance over things easily so an alarm that I have to stop after reading my next event will be incredibly helpful.
 Thank you
I really like it, easy to use. Just wish it would remind me again after the time has elapsed without having to reset the time for the task. Other than that, it's great.
Sitting outside in the cold by the ocean with a glass of wine.
 hong kong is great for crazy 'English names'. A friend works with a 'miss chewbacca leung'
The one major short-coming of this app. (and most other "habit trackers") is that it does not have any option to calculate a total number (amount of hours, etc.) for a week or month--only a number of days or per day...That is a gaping deficit in these app's (with the exception of one or two with less desirable formats), as it is a far better way to track things like sleep which may fluctuate from.day to day. The other dismaying factor is that Habitbull doesn't seem to have any customer service, as I e-mailed numerous times about issues trying to upgrade (because it is a really helpful/useful application), and never got any response in about a year's time. :-\ Aside from the tabulation inadequacy discussed above--which I really hope they'll address/include that capability, it is a really helpful and useful app., and can be especially helpful for people with issues such as depression or "OCD" who may have difficulty keeping a handle on self-care and/or productivity (though, it could, also have the opposite effect, if people with "OCD" get too immersed in tracking things in their day-to-day :-S). In general, it is a good tool to have, though, and can help you make a lot of progress on things like household projects, etc., but I really do wish that they'd adjust it so that you can calculate a total for a duration of time longer than a day, and that they would also be conscientious about customer service/support and responding to/fielding correspondence and issues people encounter. ~*Kristin Star*
 Aw, thanks. Slowly getting over it.  Yep, he tweaked his knee late in the third. Basically stood still for the last 2 games.
To me it is by far the Best "time planner" for a daily schedule.
_a_michael i plan on it! Goodnight
 will do! Tell my mommy I said the same n I love her mucho mucho!
I`m loving the humidity right now...great for the skin....another love that won`t last
Twas a good show. I even liked Ciara`s last song.   Time for me to go to bed. G`night!
 Clever girl
Nice app... Good layout and design.. One request- Add tracking as well to the tasks.. then it will be complete solution Along with setting up tasks I need to track as well which tasks I have done today, weekwise and monthwise
 hey there.  How are you. Pleasant surprise
today was a lovely day! I had fun with  and  this evening!
 I tried that but I can only use import/export for contacts saved locally on my Outlook. Thanks Though
Links to my Amazon alexa and very useful, I hated typing stuff in but now I can just ask Alexa to add stuff to my to do and shopping lists I really like it. There was nothing wrong with it before, I just don't like typing much!
 thanks shir  I got caught with the commission once but now I get amazon.com gift certificates and they don`t take one if I do
11:11 make a wish
 Thank you. I needed that
Good mornin` everyone . Beautiful sunday for all the beautiful moms of ours. Had my breakfast with the lady ....   Lets move on .
? Polly Scattergood`s new single out today! Download the Please Don`t Touch EP on iTunes, it`s ace!  http://tr.im/kpK8
 Yay! I too had some joy in that department
_0981 ohh that`s awesome of you  probably coulda gotten gifted tickets outta it from the foil queens LOL
 thx! Hoping it`s a good week.
 http://twitpic.com/3bnas - oh my god! you`re adorable! ilove you so much  you are my inspiration Nick!
Most productive application
Excellent !!!
 You may be PC but I love you anyway!!!  Maybe someday you too will become Mac!
Very useful.. as it reminds time discipline
 Yes, actually there was some jam twitter traffic yesterday... But it can happen. Don`t worry
 - ummmm. no comment. LOL. I actually have not watched GH in about a week.
Only one exam left, and i am so happy for it :D
morning!  well excited dancing down the park todayyy! should be good!  wooo c`mon venue!  ****
_Colossus Lol, cheers `mate`. Yeah it went well thanks
So apparently i left my front door wide open before going out to my show. With my and my moms laptops on the coffee table. Love my area
Great app works very well it helps alot especially at this time with this pandemic helps to keep everything that you need to keep track of what and where you should be and to keep track of your symptoms and must know information. Check this app out.
Gonna run to the gym to get my workout in before my really f`kin big pile of mulch arrives at around 8 or 9am! I`m excited about my mulch
Its a really good app that has helped to motivate me to revise, i just wish that you could plant real trees without having to purchase forest premium, i also like the design of the app and how easy it is to use
Great app. I just wish there was a way to keep track of time on a task/habbit (built-in timer instead of having to open an external timer)
I have fantastic friends
 answer my really cool questions
 loved you in head over heels! One of my fave movies! you looked stunning last night
 Name the rest? Let`s see. Mystery Jets are pretty cool. Ida Maria AND you shud rly listen to Say Anything!
 lol.well.hope you find someone to give you a massage  wish i could but i`m half a world away lol
Having a great chat with a friend. He`s totally putting my mind at ease
_tastic Awww that is sweet
About to watch JONAS!  I love DVR! 
   well, I couldn`t get a real clear shot, but I`ve got the best I could...silly people walking through the admitting of the ER...
 I second that. I wish it rained more where I am
  Morning, hope you have a super day...enjoy !
i`m done.haha. HOUSE MD marathon ulet
 Ooohhh  well you could always borrow and burn buddy. Lol
10 Cutest Cat moments video - http://shrt.st/4ce - enjoy
_Dude Very nice. Good night
Boy is all graduated!  So proud of him!
Wasabi is recovering from surgery  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6121231
Really good alternative for Wunderlist that I wa using before. This one have more features and syncs very well for collaborative use.
Imporant functions can be used only if you subscribe. It would be best if they rather sell this app than make people pay for subscption. It's worth their money anyway.
It's been helpful and very cute.
thank/ u guys so so much for helping me out on the followers thing! but im probably not gonna win cause i dont have 100 followers yet!
being a computer geek is entertaining.... i think.
_Butler I think/hope they might put an age limit on next year on the back of that  #bgt
its my birthday.....happy birthday to me!!!!
 _Yogini _My_Soles  i am sooo jealous  in a good way of course.  LC is awesome.
It's okay, I just really hope it would let you do more for free! I know it's 95% free, but I like to repeat some tasks for a week, I am not saying it is bad, It's an excellent app!
 My kids count down the days till Saturday. I hope it`s something they remember all of their lives!
had a nice time with juno  http://plurk.com/p/sv71z
absolutely amazing app, the best for to do lists.
One of the best to-do apps out there
 Happy b-day! Just woke up on this side of Earth, so wishes are bit late
The app is really amazing. It helps me plan my day ahead and it's super convenient because it plays u whatever that have been planned on the day like a recap moment. Thanks :)
 http://twitpic.com/4t4jv - No joke my puppy Maddie looks EXACTLY like  Maui!!!  she`s so cute!!
 haha hi mum! wow yes, very modern of you. now you just need to get a facebook account! p.s. talk to me by writing 
 Ah!  Gotcha.  Well, I`m curious to hear what you thought of Wolverine then. (if you actually went and saw it).
 gotta love the summer
2pm today is Quiz Time at the Goat! Game shows to play and prizes to be won! Plus `Toss Off Tommy` for free drinks! Today from 2! x
Ahhhhhh I got stitches  I seriously cant wait to go to the beach! SUMMER HURRY UP!!!!!!
I like Rio Ferdinand - when he`s wearing an England jersey.
So happy with it, helps me with my block scheduling 👌🏻
_buns awesome! thank you
  Congratulations...keep us posted on how things go!
_shields06 good job!  I wish i worked in a zoo
So far it's pretty good. I've been using it about a week. Sometimes it doesn't refresh, but the other users on the app seem positive and friendly. There is a lot that I am learning through users that isn't actually explained in the app. Like if you don't do all your daily tasks, the whole party takes damage. So yeah, no pressure! It would be nice for a better help options or a more detailed in-app-fist-time training/learning session. Every 'first' should option for more info!
The mothers day classic went really well, despite the cold 5.30am start
Excellent app for time management and routines. I love how customizable tags are and how versatile the difference between routines and events are. I just wish there was a deeper Google Calendar immersion so that I could edit icons and add tags to imported events.
Very helpful.. Please add more habits for the free version
Love this app ☺ Devs always fix issues quickly, too.
Looking forward to a better UI/UX. Will keep using it.
YAY jack won. but downer i`ve just remembered its friday meaning i have work tomorrow
what a wonderful day...i am going to sleep so well tonight
 thanks! You know that happens once in awhile
 oh yes, i ave never orderd from there, a lil funny at first to do so, i will check it our ta
 gooooooooood im not a complete nut case then
I love summer, but I oddly don`t want this school year to end.
 Her new cd is lovely.
 Thats ok...ur a good person + My Idol soo good people deserve sum good comments..hows the weather ova der --London is cold
 its not mothers day on the west coast, tyvm
 dunno. Maybe the flu. I feel a bitbetter now.
watching 'Knowing' and lovin it
We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
My dad was in NY for a day, we ate at MESA grill last night and met Bobby Flay. So much fun, except I completely lost my voice today.
Every day is Mother`s Day.... Don`t wait for 1 of 365 days to come around to show your mom how much you appreciate and love her.
Hi! I've been using this app for a week and I can see how easy it made it for me to get used to my daily routines. Pluse it has a great user experience and interface design!
Have lots 2do as usual! laundry, thanking God, cleaning house, praising God, cutting the hedge and thanking and praising God some more!
Still learning. Looking good so far. Nothing to complain about.
 Wasn`**** totally awesome?  Seeing the rebooted crew was so nice!
Very Helpful! I can see what I have accomplished and organize my week with what I want to do.
 happy mothers day to you as well!
 I like the last part in your methodology.
Finally able to get Flight Control for my Ipod. Best game app! 123  **** choppers lol
I absolutely love this app. First of all, it actually works and give me all the motivation I need to get stuff done. Secondly the community is awesome and there is just so much stuff to do! Recommended to everyone looking to develop habits.
New user and I'm impressed! A lot of neat features I've been looking for in apps like this. it's obvious dev is active and listening and thats a great sign. If I have an immediate suggestion, it'd be for us to be able to add tab categories of traits besides the default characteristics/skills; for example to add things like "personality", "lifestyle" or however we want to organize our skillset categories, so those 2 sections aren't cluttered. A search option for icons too maybe? Keep it up!
I like: * the way it separates lists ("sub lists") horizontally, and I can switch between them conveniently with swipes, though I tend to accidentally delete tasks when trying to switch lists * I value the convenience of swipe to delete the most * being able to quick add tasks from the main screen, removes one extra tap step * being able to highlight important tasks, but wish it would automatically pin them to the top. Feature I wish most for: Image attachments. Idea: Location-based reminders?
 Good morning Dan! It`s my Bday and I plan on getting some exercise too today!!  Love ya!! See you in NYC!!!
After the latest update, the forest has been removed. Coin count and tree purchase history is up-to-date, but the entire forest is gone. Synchronization does not fix the issue. I did not reinstall app as per the in-app warning not to. What the hell? Update: after two weeks issue was fixed
 LOVE your show  !
 thanks for the reminder. Hope all have a great time
 I`m ready homie..actually ima be working
 thats so cool
Its raining cats and dogs here, in Mysore! Thankfully, no pigs/swines!
Learning about lambda calculus :)
Easily the best task manager app out there, while the rpg aspect is a HUGE plus. The user is able to fully customize pretty much every little bit of the app to make it better suit their habits, or soon-to-be habits!
The ballerina family is super nice, albeit a little too controlling of their son`s life, but the bayou family is so judgemental.
  I don`t mind whistlers if they are actually whistling a tune, but those who just whistle nothing drive me crazy!
The best yo do list app 👌🏻👌🏻 I like the notification process and style
I love this app, it is really useful in order to keep a schedule. Still I was wondering if it is possible to add tasks alone of the schedule grid and then choose the day to add it. This will make easier to define the tasks yo wanna meet and then sort them along the week, or add unexpected events to modify a full day schedule.
cALL mE wiErD, bUt I jUs LuV rAiNy DaYs! MaKeS mE feeL sO waRm & cOzY iNsIdE  LoL
Great app. 1st one I load when I get a new phone.
Oh, and yippee for Lyn-Z Way who gets to celebrate Mother`s Day for the first time as a mother.
 heeeey good luck for unair sweet!
yay it`s friday... hold on I have to work tomorrow
Nothin better then ridin in a car with your sister while blasting TH, CB and Lady Gaga so loud you cant hear yourself screamin the lyrics
 cute   Time for a twitpic ;)
At envy! Loving it  best club ever.
 http://twitpic.com/4gemf - I can definitely appreciate this. The simple things that make my day...
Good app and really helpful with time management and staying organized
 He needs to go back to his Scotty. That is what he was using when he won last year
Its funny how I want something even more... now that someone else has it and i cant anymore    hahaha NEXT!
Good night everyone  im going to lay in bed and watch eraser!
All moved in to our new apartment. So exciting
Happy Mothers Day!
 Ohh Emmm Geee. Souvlaki from Dimitris...I wanna go homeeee  LOL
 Thanks bro but I`m awake already  How are you?
_mcfly Haha! Yeah, I heard they that Leicester won  I was home by my self, with a movie, some candy and a pizza.. ! Amazing evening
 goodnight lovely
Overall good and works well. Syncs with google calendar and is a little easier to work with.
Be sure to let the moms you know how fabulous you think they are!!   Almost Mother`s Day.
 LOL how many stalkers today?you just love getting creepy stalkers
 he has been really brave but this is the best thing to do - now he can rest and get better. Get well soon, Alexi
The game aspect really does motivate me! Especially helpful for doing the dishes. There's a big difference between "I should do xyz" and "I have to do this or I'll lose health points, and I don't want my party to get attacked!"
Brad Fastings is my favorite person to hang out with from 12 AM to 5 AM
Happy Mother`s Day to all of the woman and the men who made them mothers.
Word to all those i call mom, and there are a lot of yall.. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY  i love you all!
 i like OGBERRY
is getting ready for bed. Happy Mother`s Day to all the mothers out there!
 aww that`s cute
Goodmorning world!
It's a very good planner app. I had scoured the play store for dozens of planner apps, but none of their free versions were worth my time. This free version is entirely great on it's own and without any ads. However, if you're a student as I am, the duration feature for tasks on the premium app is definitely worth the $2.99 a month
 Please let me know if it is allright DE i need to know but first just wake up a little and enjoy the cofee  ****
ps it`s rainging
Congratulations Mr. Jay-el and Mrs. Maricar Chu! Wish you all the best in the world!
Muito interessante 👏
is hoping that she left her bb at home and didn`t lose it on the Metro
Noticed Wellwood has all his teeth in tonight, that`s nice
 In the end the magic of `And so to dream` wins, along with swaying back and forth within site of a sleeping mommy.
i am! lol its just i got used 2 talkin 2 ya..!
Going to school =[ I`m actually not so tired today tho
 #TFARP *takes a moment to translate, then nods* You`re quite welcome.  Also, dear, it`s probably best if you stay here again-
 just relax like it is or translated to swedish too? Just got to take a look at my next comment
 Good morning MiaMiaDC  My weekend was great and I just had my Monday, which was also great  I hope you have a wonderful day!
recovering from mexican fiesta. Had a bit too much of a good time!
Enjoy Todoist Premium but an update to the widget has made the fonts smaller. As this is more difficult to see I don't think it's an improvement.
 ROFLMAO! I feel inspired to go start a huge bonfire now
Buggy but awesome!
It just works. Nice tight layout. Combines Google & Exchange/Activesync well. Wish I could jump ahead faster than 1 mo at a time.
It's a great app and the watchface is a perfect addition, but it would be even more perfect if the 24h mode was a feature of the watchface. (And an option to switch between 12h/24h mode and open meetings by tapping the sector.)
Its offically mothers day!! happy moms day!!!
 you know you lvoe me!
Scary lightning and thunder  I`m glad it`s over now. Going to sleep, I hope I`m not late to school tomorow again. Haha
 awesome! maybe someday I`ll find a book of yours on the bestsellers list? lol
some of my new followers are pretty cool peeps; check `em out.
http://twitpic.com/4qfl3 - haha^^ I love it
 i wanted to see that.  enjoy it!
 I`m doing good thanks   And yourself? and sorry, lil busy at the moment.
 i know ridiculous! we never got to hang out  i love chicago and want to go shopping... so a trip sounds like fun
 - for all dad is doing like this to his son/daughter love
 Molly was born on my birthday!!!! *cue twilight zone music*
Great game
Loving the # dreambears on #britains got talent
_Ho Naw; it was before the 15 mins bug (where tanks would stop spawning after 15 mins)  I`m glad I get to keep it
happy mothers day to all the baby mommasss! rofl
 dope background
 Susan Egan, I love her! And yeah, it said I would have a pleasant trip.
 Oh wow  Thanks for the info.
I used this app many years ago but I can't remember why I stopped using it. Whatever the reason was, they must have improved a lot because I'm loving the app now. Never been so productive.
 U were great, as always. But, can`t we do an east Germany on noko? Or at least provoke them & then go in 4 the kill.
 - Love your desserts. Used to live in OR but now live in TX, so can`t visit you.
